wilson would like to add robin van persie 's movement to his own game .
stan collymore celebrated aston villa 's draw wildly from the press box .
sunderland decided not to suspend johnson and he is available to play .
winger also facing charge of grooming and has been bailed until may 20 .
eden hazard has scored 13 goals during another impressive season .
wladimir klitschko takes on bryant jennings in new york on april 23 .
gayle is in india ahead of the ipl season with royal challengers bangalore .
the england captain jokes around in interview with little ant and dec .
the programme and interview will be aired on saturday night from 7pm .
psg face marseille in an important clash at the top of ligue 1 on sunday .
the ufc champion features in the blockbuster film , released on april 3 .
mexico international has attracted interest from dinamo moscow , lazio , everton , newcastle , west ham and stoke .
real madrid still unlikely to take up option to sign manchester united star .
gareth bale has been linked with a summer move to manchester united .
de bruyne remains happy at wolfsburg and could yet remain at the club .
manchester city will make a concerted effort to sign english players .
james mcarthur joined crystal palace for # 7m from wigan last summer .
former manchester city star wants to play for former club boca juniors .
chelsea winger victor moses has spent the season on loan at stoke city .
it shows the rising flood water taking over the train tracks .
the cot-endorsed by the national children 's trust-has a panel which can be folded down to allow parents to be closer to their children as they sleep .
dapper laughs is the laddish alter-ego of comedian daniel o'reilly .
mauricio pochettino returns to st mary 's for first time since his departure .
southampton manager ronald koeman wants to stay on at st mary 's .
dutchman says he would even turn down real madrid and barcelona .
the west ham full back had the option of playing for finland and england .
west ham became first premier league club to drop prices since tv deal .
mauricio pochettino returns to former side southampton for the first time since leaving last summer .
hardy was arrested and charged in may last year with assaulting and threatening to kill his ex-girlfriend .
and even though the tight end joined seattle , the defensive lineman says his views have not changed .
bennett slated graham after the seahawks beat the saints in the playoffs two years ago .
tillman spent 12 years in chicago but the new team management did not declare an interest to retain his services .
recently worked at kingston university , but left in order to travel .
u . s . state department has now recommended that cuba betaken off the list of countries that sponsor terrorism-obama is likely to approve .
white house had said a private meeting was not on the books but they could have an unscripted ` interaction'on the sidelines of the event .
curtin , 23 , was scheduled to go to trial on second-degree assault charge .
the queen crossed her fingers as ring of truth galloped home .
it appeared with celebrities and world figures on 1967 sgt pepper 's artwork .
rose and her family lived in multiple hotels and at her grandmother 's house for a year and a half after the 2012 superstorm .
was part of a group who had watched manchester united at old trafford .
told they must pay extra money because some ingredients were donated .
michigan micro mote is a complete computer system less that 5mm across .
narrow two-bedroom home in islington , north london has sold for # 750 , 000 despite measuring 5ft wide in places .
the estate agency describes the property as ` well proportioned'and includes a reception room , shower and kitchen .
former mob enforcer had ties to new england crime boss raymond l . s . patriarca and was suspected of a role in as many as eight murders .
boy , 14 , and girl , 16 , arrested after police raids on thursday and friday .
two different online audit tools say no more than 44 per cent of hillary 's 3 . 6 million twitter fans are real people who participate in the platform .
queensland woman roxy walsh found an inscribed gold ring in bali .
david totton , 36 , in central manchester when he saw friend in argument .
karmel is in australia to launch nutritious children 's food range at coles .
he spent 48 hours throwing ` hundreds'of bombs back at the turkish army .
madonna posted photograph of margaret thatcher before later deleting it .
richard clements was trapped under machine in pond outside farmhouse .
she appears to have collided with another diver mid-air and crashed .
the jogger in the clip , ross burbury , is a singer songwriter from brisbane who works in direct sales for media company news corporation .
doug gregory flew beaufighters and mosquitoes in the second world war .
the war hero survived 67 missions flying over nazi-controlled europe .
told him drugs were available to buy at school , parks and youth groups .
instead the guests had to make their way to ms scott 's memorial service on the couple 's big day .
the gang have now been jailed for a total of 30 years at birmingham crown court .
believed math teacher catherine engelhardt had touched her daughter , 12 .
his attendance at the meeting is likely to be an embarrassment for group .
the hospitalised woman 's 46-year-old father told fans at a dallas concert on saturday that ` bobbi is awake . she 's watching me '
on monday , his wife alicia tried to clarify bobby 's statement saying ` she has made it out of icu and opened her eyes '
the uruguayan is being courted by louis van gaal at manchester united .
lewis hamilton won the chinese grand prix ahead of nico rosberg .
but rosberg was furious with his mercedes team-mate after the grand prix .
vincent kompany reveals sir alex ferguson tried to sign as a teenager .
they will lose # 500k each if they miss out on champions league .
manuel pellegrini 's team are currently fourth in premier league .
cesc fabregas takes advantage of rob green error to win the game for chelsea three minutes from time .
ortholabsport have also made masks for petr cech and fernando torres .
spaniard broke his nose in a challenge with charlie adam last saturday .
iconic figure 's love of the game , dry wit and understanding of knowing when not to speak gave him a unique voice .
his family have been offered a state funeral by australian prime minister .
began commentating before he retired from playing , with his face and voice becoming synonymous with cricket the world over .
australian prime minister tony abbott has paid tribute to richie benaud .
benaud never lost a series while he was australia captain .
michael vaughan is the hot favourite to replace paul downton .
elliot daly was in fine form at outside centre for wasps in march .
harry kane captained tottenham for the first time in 0-0 draw with burnley .
it came after he scored and won his first two caps for england this week .
reports have suggested he could leave the club at the end of the season .
ross barkley has been repeatedly linked with a move to manchester city .
the toffees face manchester united in the premier league onsunday .
the former manchester united right-back says hazard must become a bully .
manchester united are currently third in the premier league standings .
loic remy also out of the clash with dominic solanke likely to be in squad .
spain international is set to miss the game with a hamstring injury .
chelsea face arsenal at the emirates on sunday in the premier league .
liverpool have agreed to a contract extension with their shirt sponsors .
the 25-year-old called danny blind his ` inspiration'in instagram post .
he was taken to a police station and handed over his passport .
cesc fabregas did not make the team despite 16 league assists .
carlo ancelotti says striker 's form makes him ` non-negotiable'at present .
javier hernandez scored twice to make it six goals in eight games for real .
former light-heavyweight champion takes on fabio maldonado in montreal .
mirco antenucci , giuseppe bellusci , dario del fabro , marco silvestri souleymane doukara and edgar cani have withdrawn from squad .
goals from greg stewart , jake mcpake and paul heffernen secured win .
chad hurst of salt lake city , utah was sucker punched by a plane passenger when they landed in the city sunday .
this after hurst asked the young man to stop using foul language following their flight .
hurst , a former corrections officer , then took down the man and pinned his arms behind his back while waiting for law enforcement .
that 's according to a high-level ministerial briefing obtained by daily mail australia under freedom of information laws .
it is understood fa have agreed a three-year sponsorship deal with airline .
former arsenal striker 's contract at russian club has expired .
zenit , coached by andre villas-boas , are top of russian premier league .
the fc tokyo forward says he is still considering a move to london .
quigg , the wba champion , told frampton to ` put his money where his mouth is'and make the fight happen .
despite getting over 400 , 000 likes , the post drew criticism that she was insincere and unable to relate to the issues due to her privileged background .
spieth won the first major of his career having led all week .
the 21-year-old hit a final round of 70 to finish on 18 under par .
west brom 2-3 leicester city : jamie vardy 's injury-time winner seals it .
the bees clinched the conference title ahead of bristol rovers .
two goals from mauro vilhete secured 2-0 win over gateshead at the hive .
a brace for mauro vilhete sealed a 2-0 win for barnet over gateshead and a return them to the football league next season .
tottenham scouts have watched the ukrainian star in recent weeks .
psg are also interested in juventus midfielder paul pogba , but have been rebuffed in their pursuit of manchester united 's angel di maria .
christian eriksen says he wants to qualify as it helps attract top players .
england captain alastair cook has been working on a new batting stance .
woods could only score 73 on sunday , seven shots less than rory mcilroy .
and daniel levy will put price tag on lloris to keep united and psg at bay .
the youngster pulls a cheeky face and struts about the room with dad .
managed to fend off the leopard with his stick while still on the ground .
five-month-old pup was professionally trained at hill country k9 school .
the satirical video , which says it 's ` only fair'that men ` have it all'includes appearances from other actresses including mamie gummer .
27-year-old is set to defend his light-heavyweight title against anthony johnson in las vegas at ufc 187 next month .
michael bisping beating cb dollaway on points in montreal during ufc 186 .
van gaal reveals he 's ` delighted'that smalling has penned a new deal .
but the health and safety executive denied tightening rules and added that councils were ` over-interpreting'legislation .
cheaper than the current treatment it would save nhs # 102million a year .
managers claim they can save the nhs # 9million by flying out to australia rather than training paramedics in britain .
ian walters veered his pick-up truck off m1 when ` very angry ' , court told .
walters , also a driving test instructor , denies murder-the trial continues .
the 42-year-old , from northern ireland , said he has had some ` near misses'in his nearly 30 years of solo climbing .
v stiviano showed off new braces while out to lunch thursday at il pastaio in beverly hills .
khalid saeed batarfi was freed from a yemeni prison by al-qaeda this week .
terrorist commander was today pictured inside mukalla governor 's palace .
her parents have not been given a diagnosis for their daughter 's illness and the medical examiner 's office is now determining the cause .
police say the man had been ejected from the club when he returned and stabbed the bouncer in the back .
former dreamworld employee claims she injured herself whilst working .
four masked raiders used saws and an angle grinder to break into an atm .
police helicopter tracked gang to flats in tamworth and they were arrested .
victim-who suffered a fractured skull-was brawling with williams'brother .
neighbors said there was a large party ; a beer keg was still visible outside .
charles terreni , 18 , was found dead march 18 at a frat house in columbia .
corrales claims he got out to write down the car 's license plate number , and was then mowed down and driven for several blocks on the hood .
video footage from the casino shows corrales on the car hood while muller drives with his wife and daughter in the car .
he denies allegations and has spoken to police , who have not filed charges .
labour defended notes calling them evidence of miliband 's ` positive vision '
court told jones disliked amelia 's father , which could have been a motive .
joe sullivan , 46 , was the first federal prosecutor specializing in high-tech .
three of morgan 's friends were injured and one , james mcnair , was killed in the crash that occurred when their bus was rammed by a wal-mart truck .
allie davis , 21 , required her boyfriend to score at least 60 per cent to pass .
a sting set up by the nypd shows weinstein did n't deny touching italian model ambra battilana , it has been claimed .
a source claimed during the recorded conversation set up under the watch of the nypd , he did not deny touching her .
the 75-year-old former boxer says he was exercising in his new home in nevada when his exercise band ` slipped'and spun him around .
reflecting on his career , reid said he has ` no repentance'for claiming mitt romney did n't pay his taxes because ` it is an issue that was important '
khandaqji : ` pass this to your governor . tell him she is hiring a hitman '
alexander bradley , a key witness in the aaron hernandez murder trial , told the jury on wednesday the football star had access to the murder weapon .
professor ninian peckitt allegedly punched man who had been in accident .
nfl investigating why game balls provided by new england patriots for championship game were underinflated .
british tabloid releases video it says shows the robbery being carried out .
april 20 marks 5 years since the bp oil spill .
joao vaccari neto denies wrongdoing , says all donations were legal .
he says her experience overseas could be an asset as long as she does n't get ensnared by controversy over obama policies .
she says clinton took a low-key , unconventional approach , unlike marco rubio 's standard announcement .
like adam gadahn , farouq was american and part of al qaeda .
sally kohn : why does president obama call her wrong , and why is hillary clinton equivocating?
five cars and two tractor-trailers were involved in crash on interstate 16 .
a russian presidential aide says kim will be in moscow for may 9 victory day celebrations , news agency reports .
mahmud loved books , jimi hendrix and discussions about human rights .
derek shepherd , played by patrick dempsey , died after a car crash .
she says nfl , patriots knew his troubled past , but could not have predicted his actions , and both handled case well .
the grandmother survived the 1915 killings , assimilated , then kept her real identity hidden .
cetin , others want turkey to recognize the killings as a genocide ; the government has refused .
property experts say african investment in london is set to grow .
police : the teenager encouraged others to attack a parade and behead someone in australia .
a magnitude-7 . 8 earthquake struck near kathmandu , nepal .
chris evans and jeremy renner get in hot water after a joke made about `` avengers'' character black widow .
thanks to filmmakers , barker-- now 102-- finally saw herself dance .
police helicopters fly overhead and nearby schools put on alert in the final moments of the chase .
anthony bourdain teaches anderson cooper a korean recipe .
the report says such measures would not lower the overall risk to the public .
aclu says the policy still denies `` meaningful notice , evidence , and a hearing''
a mom of two got upset when `` big hero 6'' fabric did n't include the two female characters .
their engagement photo with a burger king sign attracted , and the company offered to pay for their wedding .
vijay chokal-ingam says he pretended to be black to get into medical school .
it burst into flames shortly after they pulled out the unconscious driver .
he says ohio has gone from a budget deficit to surplus , from losing jobs to creating them .
australian and philippines governments given notice their nationals will be executed in 72 hours .
coast guard says about 50 people were rescued from mobile bay .
warren weinstein 's wife says the family is still searching for answers .
incident closed busy stretch for more than an hour causing big tailbacks .
irishman lee was floored in the first round but fought back admirably .
judges scored the contest 113-112 , 112-113 , 113-113-a tie .
the one direction star suffered an embarrassing slip while carrying mcilroy 's clubs during the round on wednesday .
but mourinho says he has one problem that he can not change .
mourinho was fined for claiming there was a campaign against chelsea .
rory mcilroy carded a one-under-par 71 in the first round at augusta .
batsman was in a jovial mood as he joked with photographers at kia oval .
pietersen could be in line for a return to england test team this summer .
the gallery was 10 , 12 deep around the greens . still in awe . still ready to applaud even the tiniest glimmer .
reanne evans faced ken doherty in world championship qualifier .
button slapped with five-second penalty and given two penalty points .
nico rosberg was the last driver out of the pit-lane and was forced to turn in a quicker out-lap than he would have liked ahead of his final shot at pole .
rosberg also said : ` oh , come on , guys ' , over the team radio after he was informed he'd missed out on pole for sunday 's chinese grand prix .
philippe saint-andre succeeded marc lievremont as france coach in 2011 .
lievremont had led les bleus to the world cup final that year .
the london irish-bound winger is now a doubt for the world cup .
the 32-year-old dismissed devon smith for 10 on day two of first test .
sir viv richards said jordan ` looks as though he should have a javelin '
england 's top order collapsed on the first morning in antigua .
under 21 premier league player of the month award based on statistics .
west brom wearing 1968 kit to mark launch of the jeff astle foundation .
the west ham striker picked up thigh strain in game against stoke .
the 32-year-old goalkeeper revealed last week he does not want to spend another season as understudy to first-choice thibaut courtois .
bhutan 's wins over sri lanka boost them 46 places off the bottom .
jermain defoe was the first sunderland player to take part in the challenge .
luke shaw has made just 17 appearances for manchester united .
charlie adam scored stoke 's equaliser against chelsea from 66 yards out .
charlie adam scored brilliant long range goal against chelsea on saturday .
read : agent confirms dani alves has rejected club 's final contract offer .
daryl janmaat fit for newcastle united after warm-up scare at sunderland .
suarez calls the bite on giorgio chiellini the worst moment of his career .
but doherty fought back and leads 5-4 at the midway point .
evans replied well , winning the next three before the mid-session interval .
60-stone ms davis also had to be lifted from different home in 2012 by 40-strong team of builders , scaffolders and emergency services workers .
andrew chan is the youngest of four children and the son of chinese immigrants who worked as a supervisor for a catering company .
clooney , 37 , appeared at national press club to address imprisonment of former maldivian president mohamed nasheed .
high-powered lawyer was joined by nasheed 's wife , laila ali .
amal clooney told reporters she will appeal to us government to put pressure on maldivian officials in order to secure nasheed 's release .
meier has scored 19 league goals this season , ahead of bayern munich duo arjen robben-lrb-17-rrb-and robert lewandowski-lrb-16-rrb-.
was scouted by evans at plus size fashion week and is breaking uk .
took matters into her own hands and is now a top plus-size model .
broner called out danny garcia at premier boxing champions event .
victims of the 2012 colorado movie theater shooting testified in court on wednesday as the trial of suspect james holmes continued .
spruill allegedly ordered her to undress at gun point and sexually assaulted her .
the scottish fa have failed in their attempt to have the punishment handed to rangers 'steve simonsen for betting increased .
the football star is said to be flying his closest friends to the five-star luxury amanjena resort outside marrakech .
when england were 34 for three i received a lot of comments about my supposed motivational skills . i replied that i only spoke to the middle order .
england close day one of first test against west indies on 341 for five .
tottenham hotspur chairman daniel levy has told supporters that future transfer policy will include developing young players with resale value .
four chelsea stars took part in audi 's football challenge .
manchester united came from a goal behind to beat bayern munich 2-1 .
however , the former ufc champion will fight for olympics taekwondo spot .
jimmy anderson two wickets behind sir ian botham 's record of 383 .
ollie devoto , semesa rokoduguni , anthony watson and matt banahan all crossed for bath .
bath face newcastle falcons in the aviva premiership on friday night .
five penalties from ian madigan gave leinster a 15-5 half-time lead .
one student told his father , jimmie scott , who complained to the school and requested a parent-teacher conference .
but after three months her number has n't been reinstated , she has n't received her tax refund , and her driver 's license also lists her as deceased .
laura robson has not played since january 2014 due to a wrist problem .
us comedian jimmy kimmel sang lalaban ako in tagalog on his show .
pacquiao thanked kimmel for ` trying to sing my song'in a twitter video .
frank lampard took part in city training on wednesday ahead of encounter .
quinton ` rampage'jackson returns to the ufc after two year absence .
ronaldo insists the club will target signing the best players in the world .
carlos tevez and roberto pereyra scored as juventus defeated empoli .
chelsea are six points clear with a game in hand in the premier league .
his agent patrick de koster says that clubs are watching the belgian but denies a deal is in place with any team to buy the talented playmaker .
charles piutau has played 14 internationals for new zealand .
owner assem allam has again applied to fa for hull tigers name change .
ribery aggravated the injury picked up against shakhtar donetsk .
the company is also selling a 50 percent share of salvador 's fonte nova arena , which held six matches last summer .
juan arango has apologised for his bite on monterrey 's jesus zavala .
he was not punished in the game but could face retrospective disciplinary action from the mexican league authorities .
real madrid beat granada 9-1 , with cristiano ronaldo scoring five goals .
daniel andersson , helsinborg 's 42-year-old kit man , kept a clean sheet .
he denies assault allegations over alleged incident last month .
raheem sterling , jordan henderson and steven gerrard are liverpool 's top scorers in the premier league this season with six goals each .
joe hart has said his side will not give up on retaining the title .
qpr beat west brom 4-1 away from home on saturday in bid to beat drop .
williams beats german in three sets at miami open-7-6 , 1-6 , 6-3 .
british no 1 defeated dominic thiem in miami open quarter finals .
the spaniard fought back from a first-set bagel to win 0-6 , 6-1 , 75 .
djokovic faces david ferrer next after spaniard beat gilles simon .
newport gwent dragons scored tries through hallam amos and nic cudd along with a penalty try .
but moeen is hoping to join up with the squad later in the tour .
moeen ali picked up side injury during england 's dismal world cup .
sim bhullar is set to sign a 10-day contract with the sacramento kings .
manager mauricio pochettino has praised vorm 's attitude and character .
michel vorm 's tottenham chances have been few since swansea transfer .
striker was caught eating a biscuit during the first 10 minutes of the match .
leigh griffiths was named among the celtic substitutes for the match .
celtic beat st mirren 2-0 in their scottish premiership clash on good friday .
mccall was surprised at the news rangers will have to hand newcastle # 500 , 000 if they are promoted to the scottish premiership .
transfer will take total raised from player sales to # 440m since 2004 .
lionel messi faces tests on thursday to see if he will be fit for barcelona .
a staple of lovie smith 's stingy defense , he will again link up with ron rivera , whowas the bears defensive co-ordinator between 2004-06 .
bell has been banned after being found in possession of a 20 gram bag of marijuana and was hit with a dui charge last august .
ridley stays in the afc east after signing a one-year deal with the jets .
the vikings have repeatedly said they want to keep the 30-year-old , who is due to earn $ 12 . 75 m this year .
thomas was the first woman to officiate an ncaa game in 2007 .
thomas set to be named as one of eight new referees for the 2015 season .
the 22-year-old londoner only started playing american football last year .
jacksonville jaguars will get a uk fan to announce their nfl draft picks .
abae chief mark abberley called decision ` completely understandable '
despite that , the welshman thinks mayweather will beat his opponent .
luke rockhold submitted lyoto machida in the second round .
conor mcgregor believes floyd mayweather lacks skills other than boxing .
ronda rousey told roddy piper 's podcast she loved her wwe appearance .
mcgregor grabbed aldo 's featherweight champion belt in dublin .
manuwa wants to get back to winning after losing to alexander gustafsson .
mirko filipovic aims to avenge 2007 first-round defeat to gabriel gonzaga .
conor mcgregor takes on champion jose aldo in las vegas on july 11 .
a right hand to the top of the head dropped lamas in under three minutes .
mendes sees aldo taking july 11 's title fight with conor mcgregor .
tiger woods has been dating us alpine skier lindsey vonn since 2013 .
vonn revealed details of her relationship with woods and his two children .
the former olympic gold medalist spoke on late night with seth meyers .
sir nick faldo will play in the open victory for the final time at st andrews .
it was the 17th pga tour title for the 44-year-old former us open winner .
jim furyk has won the 2015 rbc heritage at harbour town .
us veteran defeated kevin kisner in the second play-off hole .
the scottish golfer is currently in mauritius shooting for golf punk mag .
the 21-year-old carded three-over-par 74 in first round at the rbc heritage .
spieth does n't want to rest on his laurels and plans to catch rory mcilroy .
sharapova will now be replaced by simona halep as the world no 2 .
the german fought back to claim a 2-6 , 7-5 , 6-1 victory .
it 's the third time this year ivanovic has lost to the france world no 29 .
he had facial deformities , speech and vision problems and risk of bleeding .
experts believe the bored young soldiers used their spare time to visit the caves , which are well known locally .
the night before , eldemire had called oxford police to ask for protection when he arrived at the apartment and police stopped him in the parking lot .
southwark coroner 's court hears allegations of ` gaps in her monitoring '
widower recalls ` blur'of staff as she ` bled heavily'at hospital in bromley .
group called gertie 's babies believe there are more children out there .
parents simon howie and renee young visit their grave at pinegrove in western sydney fortnightly .
sabrina broadbent tetzner escaped the colorado city , arizona fundamentalist mormon sect headed by warren jeffs eight years ago .
jackie ward witnessed the family of four have racial slur shouted at them while they were out for the day on friday .
he became emotional when asked how his wife of 30 years has reacted to the claims , saying : ` she never looks at me anymore '
speaking out about the accusations for the first time , he has denied ever assaulting the women and said he feels sorry for them .
stars including kelly osborne , nicole richie and lady gaga and rihanna have helped the trend gain traction .
said they found nothing amiss and have closed their investigation .
friends say the couple was going though troubles , and that mrs peppelman had moved out of the home with their three boys .
he brought the green rocking chair to make his journey more interesting .
cause for fire , which has drawn 200 firefighters friday morning , unknown .
dutch minister : ` i'm happy this terrible period has been brought to an end '
police discovered video footage showing her alone on a nearby bridge and said she entered the water-but it is not clear if she jumped or fell .
the tories claim mr whitehead was sacked as a candidate last week .
described how the whitley bay venue ` looked lovely online '
she had been befriended online by a man calling himself ` johnson michael lynn'who said he wanted to marry her and live with her and his daughter .
she joined slimming world and dropped ten dress sizes as well as 10st .
they discovered the virus in samples taken from beneath the santa monica basin off the coast of california but say the viruses live around the world .
cleopatra bathed in donkey-milk to achieve smooth skin .
three food wide dish took an hour to cook for the easter promotion .
around 12 : 30 pm , her son saw a man riding in a cadillac with his feet handing out the window and the two laughed at the scene .
that 's when raymond washington , who was in the front passenger seat , got out of the cadillac and started shooting at ms berry and her son .
hotelier danny lambo said he wanted to buy natasha flynn an extravagant easter present .
mark howe , 21 , researched what weapons his tv icon used on victims .
she has now been awarded # 3 . 2 million for sexual harassment by tribunal .
professor matthew cooper urges parents to take vaccination seriously .
the infectious diseases expert says ` people have decided not to immunise '
she was 33-years-old when she learned she actually had dopa-responsive dystonia-lrb-drd-rrb-, a rare muscle disorder that can be treated with one pill .
the man , from leumeah , in sydney 's south-west , faced court on wednesday and was remanded in custody .
joseph o'riordan , 73 , stabbed wife eight times after discovering her affair .
theatre impresario made it out to be an adaptation of a play by the bard .
keaton , of phoenix , arizona , hit another car head-on while she was eight months pregnant and had marijuana and benzodiazepines in her system .
mr cameron and the lib dem leader nick clegg will not take part .
dr . anthony j . moschetto allegedly had the office of another doctor torched and tried to have the doctor hurt or killed .
` he had enough weapons to provide a small army means to wreak harm , 'said police commissioner thomas krumpter .
but her journeys there involved train and ferry ride and then another train ride to a station more than two miles from the property .
abraham lincoln and george washington were gay , says a new book by larry kramer , 79 , who is a gay activist and award winning writer .
ben sunderman , 19 , of mckinney , texas learned he got the job on april 10 .
he shouts'i get it . i get the job!'before leaping into his father 's arms .
in three-minute video , he reads the letter from embassy suites to family .
australian plus-size model laura wells talks to women 's weekly .
there are more searches for loch ness than any other uk institution , and google 's doodle also marks the occasion .
justice heenan said ` it shows the insecurity and vulnerability of everybody in the community to random crime '
social media users claim the game stigmatises people with problems .
ceremony took place in the monarch 's lavish 1 , 788-room residential palace , istana nural iman in brunei 's capital .
lynette duncan , one of the surviving daughters of a victim said that the day her mother died she learned that ` the boogeyman was real '
was told by age uk her son had given them instruction to empty house .
reckless'by-election majority of 2 , 920 in rochester and strood my be lost .
new jersey school teacher cheryl meyer , 45 , told the governor his famous attitude wo n't be appreciated nationwide .
three years of brian 's memories were wiped and he 's challenged by everyday task but continues to improve with danielle 's help .
doctors encouraged her to pull the plug but she refused and brian was eventually able to go home in her care .
as her pregnancy progressed , the model came under fire from critics who claimed she was ` unhealthily'trim and toned .
earlier , the federal government announced 330 troops would go to iraq .
he was charged with operating an unregistered aircraft and violating national airspace before being released on his own recognizance .
doug hughes appeared in u . s . district court in washington on thursday , one day after he steered his tiny aircraft onto the capitol 's west lawn .
us network hbo has pledged to cut off aussies who access their shows .
the service offers popular tv shows including games of thrones and girls .
family say he had struggled to adapt to civilian life after 11 years in army .
has now headed back to griffith park , his home of more than three years .
protests spread to new york and denver , with more scheduled for other cities .
video from a news helicopter shows deputies punching and kicking a man repeatedly .
san bernardino sheriff says 10 deputies have been put on leave .
maysak has sustained winds of more than 130 mph but is expected to weaken .
former turkish ambassador to the vatican calls use of the word `` genocide'' a `` one-sided evaluation''
video shows the officer firing eight times as scott runs away , with his back to police .
anbar provincial official : suicide and car bombs were part of the isis assault .
isis departs , leaving city strewn with booby traps , explosive-filled vehicles .
walter scott had four children and served in the coast guard , his brother says .
victoria 's secret was criticized for its `` perfect body'' campaign .
nasa chief scientist ellen stofan believes we're close to finding alien life .
a company called ultrahaptics has developed a technology to create 3d shapes in mid-air .
aaron hernandez , even when on trial for murder , keeps that certain bounce in his step .
kenya 's president slams those who finance and support groups like al-shabaab .
santorum , a likely 2016 gop presidential candidate , weighs in on indiana gov . mike pence 's decision .
holland america says two passengers died in an apparent murder-suicide .
iranian president says a nuclear deal would remove a major obstacle for business .
`` we can cooperate with the world ,'' president hassan rouhani insists .
cnn team finds a man at `` unofficial'' displaced camp willing to provide children to be `` fostered''
iranian minister : other side must `` seize the moment ,'' not try to pressure iran .
muhammadu buhari 's win marks the first democratic transition of power from a ruling party to the opposition .
reactions reveal contemporary turkey is tense and confused after years of political crises .
australian police have arrested two people after the discovery of 55 greyhound carcasses in bushland .
french investigators : flight data recorder reveals andreas lubitz acted deliberately to crash plane .
ottoman troops used camels as troops during the conflict .
this week 's talks on an iranian nuclear deal framework are historic .
australian foreign minister says deal is to focus on tracking citizens who join isis .
sea shepherd captain tells cnn he believes the ship was deliberately sunk to destroy evidence .
the conservationist group had pursued the vessel since it was found illegally fishing off antarctica , it says .
baidoo is granted permission to send divorce papers via facebook .
some 276 girls were kidnapped from their school in northeastern nigeria by boko haram a year ago .
the first patient will be a 30-year-old russian man with a rare , genetic muscle wasting disease .
bond 's diy bullet removal left him at great risk of infection of paralysis .
single mum-of-five was first diagnosed in 2005 while pregnant with her son .
the cheetahs seemed to ignore the boy and his parents while in the pit .
schwab was allegedly holding the child when he slipped and fell 10ft into the pit on saturday around 3pm at the cleveland metroparks zoo .
he was rescued by his parents before emergency responders arrived on the scene ; he suffered from minor bruises and bumps .
charmain speirs allegedly murdered by pastor husband eric isaiah adusah .
the 25-year-old former new england patriots tight end was sentenced to life in prison without parole on wednesday for murder .
he broke his leg and had it amputated before being nursed back to health .
in the 2012 election , the company 's search algorithm customized results for obama but not for republican mitt romney .
google employees donated $ 1 . 6 million to president barack obama 's two white house bids .
` poor lighting and food presentation make this lunch unappealing , ` food service coordinator jim gehlhoff said .
as a politican he was famed for his boot polish black hair , but nowadays he has let his hair return to its natural white color .
the former illinois governor has been photographed in prison for the first time since starting his 14 year sentence in 2012 .
robert bates , a 73-year-old reserve deputy , continues to face second-degree manslaughter charges over the death of eric harris .
sheriff stanley glanz told a press conference on monday that the fbi investigation had cleared his department over the april 2 death .
mr barnes'daughter debbie stepped in to help , and donated her stools .
travolta spoke out about the scientology-bashing hbo documentary on monday as he promoted his upcoming film the forger .
decided to suspend 10 , 000 accounts for making threats of violence .
she tells dailymail . com her first question was ` can i still have children? '
however , 60 per cent strongly condemned the likes of jihadi john and isis .
tulsa county sheriff 's office reserve deputy robert bates faces a charge of second-degree manslaughter for the april 2 shooting of eric harris .
bates said he had completed all proper training and was not allowed to ` play cop'just because he had donated equipment to the sheriff 's office .
suspect kenneth morgan stancil claimed he killed ron lane because the college employee made sexual advances to his 16-year-old brother .
australian warren rodwell was held hostage for 472 days and feared his abu sayyaf captors would behead him .
mother kyesha wood found out about behavior and searched for boyd .
mothers now share a bond and families have had dinner together .
he made a brief return last night with his voice still recovering its strength .
but body rejected organ , leading to four years of repeated hospital visits .
needed first transplant from mother yang haiying at nine months old .
the 12-year-old pet was then found to have suffered three degree burns .
spaniel alfie had a heat pad placed on him during an mri scan at a clinic .
` she had n't listened to the news . she did n't know she was causing all this trouble , 'said malcolmson said .
cameron urges tactical voting from ukip and lib dems to block labour .
weinstein 's wife georgina chapman , 38 , is seeking to find a resolution to the allegations as soon as possible , according to one of the sources .
oklahoma jury convicted 17-year-old chancey allen luna of first-degree murder in 2013 killing of christopher lane .
read the full interview in this week 's issue of woman , on sale tuesday 14 april .
include comedy props , tiny furniture and unusual animal pairings .
the teenagers were named in the coroners report but were n't investigated .
johannes stoetter 's artwork features two carefully painted female models .
harvard took off and sutton clung to the hood of his car for 11 miles .
he claims steven sutton , 36 , tried to attack him at his home in springdale .
loeb has filed a lawsuit to stop modern family actress destroying two frozen embryos , according to legal documents obtained by intouch .
he met his hero r2d2 who began spinning around with the child .
boy can be heard giggling uncontrollably as r2d2 mirrors and follows him .
they will join seven other us vessels that are prepared to block iranian ships potentially carrying weapons for houthi rebels fighting in yemen .
phillip buchanon was a first-round draft pick for the oakland raiders in 2002 when his mother made what he called the ` desperate demand '
when buchanon finally had enough his mother asked for $ 15 , 000 instead of a smaller house whose upkeep she could afford .
the arrows directed the first air mail planes across the us to deliver post .
bag was found outside biogen inc . in cambridge , massachusetts saturday .
she claims they have a ` great sex life'and his womanising days are over .
ms morris was ` stunned'when he revealed he had fathered 40 children .
they are easy to grow and like acid , free-draining and nutritious soil .
bird watchers photographed the rare bird near british raf base at akrotiri on the island 's south coast .
detectives seized cctv of coyne attacking drinker but he still denied crime .
but new measures introduced by george osborne set to close loophole .
ms marson is from port macquarie on new south wales'mid-north coast .
ms marson is a fitness enthusiastic who competes in ironwoman events .
katie and dalton prager , 24 and 23 , met in 2009 and married two years later .
new york mayor 's bid is allegedly backed by working families party .
bill de blasio ` wants to be a more liberal alternative to hillary clinton '
researchers say the cerebral cortex of rats is ` like a mini-internet '
clarkson has not spoken publicly about sacking since news broke in march .
ms shepherd died after a tree fell on her during a jungle tour .
louise shepherd , 31 , killed in bolivia while on round-the-world trip .
he later wrote patient 's face was ` digitally manipulated'in february 2012 .
also said the priest took part in explicit gay web chats and sexual role play .
officers discovered them on wednesday afternoon during a welfare check .
wayne kyle is the father of navy seal chris kyle-the most lethal sniper in u . s . military history .
her stepgrandmother says police are n't doing enough to find aj and that her son was unjustly arrested while pursuing his own investigation .
xiong pleaded guilty to sexual assault against a 13-year-old girl in 2009 when he was 15 .
in hmong culture , bride-napping is a frowned-upon tradition in which a male suitor kidnaps his bride if her family does not approve of the marriage .
photos taken by sales manager dean mason , 48 , from bournemouth , from a camouflaged shelter six metres away .
former pm appears to nod off while sat next to us president eisenhower .
olsen claimed gun was toy but found guilty at inner london crown court .
he was confronted by pcs mark bird and robert wilson but pulled out gun .
he booked the church for his funeral and selected songs to be played .
he said he was ` disappointed'to see it used by reclaim australia members .
footage has emerged of i was only 19 being played at an anti-islam rally .
two years into their relationship , castro kidnapped his first two victims , michelle knight and amanda berry , and locked them in his basement .
the three women were kept captive in the house for another nine years , until they made a dramatic escape in may 2013 .
lillian roldan says she dated ariel castro from 2000 to 2003 according to a new book about the cleveland house of horrors by john glatt .
roldan says she never knew castro was hiding the women , but that he did keep a padlock on his basement door .
roldan says she met castro on a blind date and that during their three-year relationship , he was nothing but a gentleman .
thought she has no living blood relatives so stepchildren have only claim .
shares her daily diet and says eating organic is an important investment .
weaver was born in arkansas in 1898 and worked as a domestic helper .
cctv footage speaking with a man before leaving a tampa-area bar alone .
iain mackay , 40 , saw his thai girlfriend talking to another man in a bar .
paramedics were called to the scene but he died in hospital hours later .
third forgot their entire night while one in 20 drove themselves home drunk .
half said the nhs should stop treating alcoholics given health warnings .
eight of the prisoners granted clemency are serving terms of life in prison .
in the levo league 's ask4more campaign video , sarah recalls a time she was discriminated against because of her gender .
taylor was awaiting sentencing at jerome combs detention center in kankakee , illinois , when he escaped early wednesday .
victim 's father , nelson williams sr , 48 , says he is afraid taylor might ambush him .
images reveal one of most detailed photos of the comet 's bump ` neck '
anneli tiirik , 23 , also reveals boyfriend switched flights ` at last moment '
police have grave concerns as her disappearance is ` out of character '
man walked into hospital in guangdong province and took nurse hostage .
mccollom resigned from chief position in march after working in policing for nearly three decades .
margaret was left paralyzed below the waist and believes it was an accident .
he threw them away after one wear so he could enjoy ` crisp pair'each day .
social media account has now been shut down by prison authorities .
royston coates was jailed for 10 years for holding down a man while his friend stabbed him in a random attack .
theory based on one case study , 59-year-old man with hiv whose virus load-amount of hiv in his blood-drop dramatically after treatment .
reports suggest sandra malcolm 's body was mutilated by her attackers .
pensioner , originally from dundee , was found at her home in cape town .
labour leader accused of ` offensive'behaviour during visit to sikh temple .
woman was wearing her mcdonald 's uniform when he proposed .
five-star ballyfin has was given the prestigious award in the publication 's latest edition .
exchanged texts with dionne and shaun clark after saying she had fun .
ms riccioni was killed in a car accident on easter monday .
two of them , both 12 , were raped , and one is pregnant .
raf jets escorted two russian military aircraft close to uk airspace .
the robshaw family dig into cricket tacos , worm tarts and insect burgers .
london estate agents invited to value a house rigged with special effects .
shelly sterling said on wednesday that she feels vindicated by the win and will be giving the money to charity .
zach yonzon runs the bunny baker cafe with his wife in manila .
the risky operation will likely see him end up paralysed down his left side .
mayoral candidate mr roberts successfully completed the jump for charity .
police report into the 65-year-old 's suicide reveals brandt was found on sunday morning by friend , john joseph hupert , inside his garage .
hupert was staying with the cosmetic surgeon on doctors orders to monitor brandt 's suicidal tendencies .
the body of the infant , called'em ma grace'was found in a trash heap in november , authorities located her head more than 50 miles away .
all the animals used were killed in new zealand as a part of pest control .
sean crawford has been criticised for using dead animals in his sculptures .
assistant district attorney joan illuzzi-orbon asked jurors in the ten week trial to convict hernandez of murder .
conservative fans mad that star helping raise money for gun control .
young boy , from alberta , canada , cradles his deceased goldfish , top .
rosberg also said : ` oh , come on , guys ' , over the team radio after he was informed he'd missed out on pole for tomorrow 's chinese grand prix .
watford had marco motta dismissed and derby moved 2-1 up .
robin thomas , of jonesboro , arkansas , says that he failed to find love with online dating sites .
the iowa board of chiropractic required manuel to pledge he would not apply for reinstatement of the license , but only for 10 years .
the couple were invited to fit bungs into two single malt whiksy casks .
he tells femail that he is often asked for photos in the street .
actor jokes : ` you're going to beat me with it? my mother said that to me! '
deng offers star a jumbo-sized bat to give him fighting chance during skit .
appeared to only be using rope for safety while 30-feet above the ground .
the horror injury overshadowed villarreal 's 1-1 draw with getafe .
nac breda let slip a two-goal lead , sending boss robert maaskant wild .
arsenal play reading in fa cup semi-final on saturday evening .
psg striker zlatan ibrahimovic will miss his side 's next four league games .
for the 4th year straight australia ranked as the world 's costliest country .
aged 18 and 24 , they were evicted from the island in western australia .
khouma babacar scored a late equaliser for fiorentina to secure a vital away goal against dynamo kiev .
pair driven to another house where mother was tied to cupboard in garage .
there have been 30 , 621 claims of missing valuables since 2010 , with most claims coming from john f . kennedy airport in new york .
the 21-year-old 's animals shot to fame when one of her vines went viral .
officers found two patients in the middle of treatment who said dierks had been treating them for eight years .
morgan says jurgen klopp would ` be our mourinho'if he joined arsenal .
` we quietened them down straight away'claims young , as he praises fans .
aaron lennon opened the scoring for the visitors with his second goal in three games for the visiting side .
sergey bubka launched a manifesto ahead of running to be iaaf president .
real madrid are looking to win their last 10 games to overtake barca .
while the reptile called ryuu appears to be disinterested .
spencer gerlach , 20 , admitted to stabbing his ex-wife keltsie gerlach to death as their 15-month-old daughter slept in the next room .
southampton have dropped out of the premier league top six .
his 18-under round was the joint-record and he led from start to finish .
saracens scored through billy vunipola , marcelo bosch and chris wyles .
alastair cook 's old failing against the full ball just outside off stump was again exploited by west indies .
aaron finch suffered injury setback during indian premier league match .
he is the favourite for the masters , where his best finish there is eighth .
ryder cup-winning captain paul mcginley speaks highly of rory mcilroy .
hearts head coach and defender aim ozturk feel that stubbs'decision shows a lack of respect .
natasha jonas has announced her retirement from the world of boxing .
ball flew into lap of female fan but was able to take free drop .
the 27-year-old holed a curling 60-foot putt on the par-five 13th for eagle .
gary player , 79 , and jack nicklaus , 75 , also hit ceremonial opening drives .
novak djokovic beat john isner 7-6 . 6-2 in their miami semi-final .
upcoming races and events at silverstone will not be affected .
the former rugby ace was arrested for affray , assault and criminal damage .
harry kane captained tottenham for the first time in 0-0 draw with burnley .
but they are now seven points adrift of fourth-placed manchester city .
burnley and tottenham played out a 0-0 draw low on quality on sunday .
andy king scored his 50th goal to earn leicester three points .
deila struggled for results initially at celtic park .
ronaldo was also booked for diving in the area but it appeared unfair .
real madrid beat rayo vallecano 2-0 in la liga on wednesday night .
antoine griezmann scored his 15th goal of the season in the fifth minute .
joey barton believes his side can take great confidence from away win .
ander herrera impresses with two goals for manchester united in victory .
but van gaal has warned his squad it is important to battle till the end .
businessman has been cleared by court of session to become director .
orellana will now serve a one-match ban for his antics and will miss celta 's next game against grenada on wednesday .
fabian orellana was angered by sergio busquets'time-wasting tactics .
the celta vigo striker threw lump of turf towards the barca midfielder .
real madrid wanted to sign french winger franck ribery in 2009 .
he was convinced to stay as club told him he could be as important to them as lionel messi was to barcelona .
supporters displayed banner taunting mother whose son died in clashes between napoli and roma fans after coppa italia final last year .
aston villa defender kevin toner captains the club under-21 team .
player is excited at the prospect of rory mcilroy joining exclusive club .
mcilroy is looking for his fifth major win to complete a career grand slam .
tiger woods and rory mcilroy will both play at next week 's masters .
he weighed 11lb 5oz and nurses said he was too heavy for hospital scales .
comes after court ruled charles 's letters to ministers should be published .
her sister , shaneah jenkins , odin lloyd 's girlfriend , wept alongside the victim 's family as hernandez was told he would spend rest of his life in jail .
while a doctor kept her from returning to the debate , the 74-year-old former district attorney says she will not let the incident affect her campaign .
candidate lynne abraham says she suffered a momentary drop in blood pressure and that it 's never happened before .
the five bedroom , 5 . 5 bathroom estate , which has been put up for sale , also features a 1 , 200 sq ft guest house .
ahead of launching her anticipated campaign on sunday , two senior advisers said strategy has echoes of obama 's 2012 re-election campaign .
his `` hemp store'' alone receives more than 20 requests for help accessing medicinal cannabis each week .
30-year-old duke of wellington fought tipu sultan as an army general in 1799 .
allowed him to plan the cuts and incisions he needed to make and helped him find solutions to problems during surgery .
it caused a widening of her facial features , including nose and space between the eyes , making her vision more like a bird 's .
the fort boasts 23 suites at # 450 per night , with the lighthouse suite rising to # 1 , 150 a night during the summer .
suzy lamplugh trust said slogans make the crime seem ` humorous '
student martina levato , 23 , wrote a list of her ex-boyfriends , a court heard .
squatters have set up shanty town just yards from runnymede in surrey .
rochelle coulson , from new milton , gets equivalent to # 22k taxable salary .
gianni van , now 45 , is accused of kidnapping and brutally killing his then girlfriend 's accused rapist while in college in southern california in 1995 .
man was fleeing bull during fiesta celebrations in teulada , eastern spain .
the fregoe family of massapequa park , new york built their own frosty in january .
thanks to late winter storms that stretched into spring , the family was able to keep the snowman alive for months .
gwyneth 's healthy food choices have already come under fire from critics who claim they contain nowhere near enough calories for a whole week .
third dog joins in with the song and the three dogs howl even louder .
authorities contend knight intentionally hit the men , killing terry carter , 55 , and seriously injuring cle ` bone 'sloan .
rich kids of instagram have been spending spring in the most glamorous hotels in monaco , new york and rhodes .
65-year-old david atherton shocked to discover the black and white reptile .
sylvia matzkowiak , who goes by goldie berlin , is a german instagrammer , travelling everywhere from fiji to canada .
arsenal beat reading 2-1 in the fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday .
it appears to show fans singing about ashley cole to a lily allen song .
chancey allen luna has been accused of killing sportsman in august 2013 .
it took atlanta-based writer alex gray 20 months to lose the weight from his 354lbs frame .
naomi jacobs woke up one morning believing she was 15 years old .
the condition had wiped away the past 17 years of her memory overnight .
pierre fulton was in the car with scott during their traffic stop .
she is fast becoming one of the most lucrative sisters because of her style .
bezos , who is worth $ 34 . 7 billion , wandered in the campo de'fiori in rome with family and a security guard on tuesday .
the amazon ceo was seen snapping pictures with his amazon phone of the market stalls .
raymond lee fryberg jr . ` bought a gun in 2013 despite a domestic violence protection order against him banning him from doing so '
the south african comedian , whose announcement as jon stewart 's replacement surprized many , was spotted at citi field on monday .
the star showed off newly dark hair and a stubbly chin that made him look like eastenders'martin fowler .
us ambassador stephen mull apologised for james comey 's comments .
comey , head of the fbi , wrote editorial opinion piece in washington post .
in court on tuesday , stancil said he ` ridded one last child molester from the earth'; and said lane had sexually assaulted one of stancil 's relatives .
stancil lists ` white power'as his interests on facebook and has white supremacist tattoos , including an'88'to signify ` heil hitler '
pilot was forced to evacuate the plane while police conducted search .
mrs mccarthy had previously sent texts saying she feared for her life .
family led tributes said alix had ` lived life to the full and loved to party '
the agreement between representative alan grayson and wife lolita was announced on tuesday by a judge in an orlando , florida .
duke and duchess of cambridge 's second baby due this month .
the marrickville man fronted parramatta local court on sunday morning .
report 's authors propose the cabin could have been used by russian settlers farming in the area to support fur traders in alaska .
robot created by father and son team arthur and mo kreitenberg .
unseen documents were kept by co-pilot of plane that dropped atom bomb .
` the world 's strongest man'would n't be able to open a door mid-flight .
he is being moved from the state prison at cedar junction to the souza-baranowski maximum security facility today where he 's on suicide watch .
the former marine had only been on the new richmond force a year .
two thirds are also not willing to consider joining into a group to ensure at least one surgery in an area is open on saturdays and sundays .
survey by british medical association also found most felt 10 minute appointments to short , while heavy workloads meant patient care suffered .
images show her pet snuggled up in bed and going for walks in the park .
zhu diandian becomes web hit after posting pictures of bond with hog .
pictures show the late lamented actor laughing and joking while on set .
director michael redwood paid tribute to actor 's unique sense of humour .
high-pitched music highlights sourness while sweetness is a rich sound .
it was made available on april 4 after police evicted a hoarder and removed her mother 's mummified corpse , which was at least five years old .
court heard 999 call where he admits attack but denied attempted murder .
memphis depay has been linked with a summer move to man united .
reports have linked chelsea with a move for valencia 's andre gomes .
survey finds women rule out five photos before posting a selfie online .
lorry left roof suspended on hedge behind it near birdlip , gloucestershire .
arsene wenger hinted at an extended pay-as-you-play deal for diaby who will be allowed to train at the club even if he has to move on .
liverpool lost 2-1 against aston villa in their fa cup semi-final on sunday .
david silva has returned to training after being caught in the face by an elbow from west ham midfielder cheikhou kouyate .
manchester city star required extensive treatment on the pitch before being sent to hospital where tests revealed no fracture .
aston villa and reading both charged with failing to stop spectators encroaching on to the pitch during fa cup quarter-finals .
leg spinner bishoo has 40 wickets for the west indies in 11 tests .
alastair cook has gone 33 test innings without hitting a century .
villa could make the switch permanent in the summer for a # 2 . 5 million fee .
queens park rangers drew 3-3 with burnley in the championship last term .
qpr fans harry childs , jack hutchins , dean foreman and bradley pack have all been jailed for violent scenes with burnley supporters afterwards .
striker scored stunning goal in front of first-team manager ronald koeman .
sunderland were thumped by crystal palace at the stadium of light .
former qpr boss says spurs have been rescued by the kids this season .
results have picked up since the 16-year-old was dropped from starting xi .
no one regrets odegaard signing but he may go out on loan next season .
villa keeper posted a picture of n'zogbia 's outfit on social media .
charles n'zogbia turned up for training wearing flowery shirt and trousers .
german boss has enjoyed success with club during seven-year stint .
the former arsenal keeper somehow kept out paul peschisolido 's header .
chelsea face resurgent manchester united in premier league on saturday .
the dutch duo visited manchester united 's old trafford on wednesday .
brendan rodgers said he will remind his player about his responsibilities .
england fell to 34 for three having lost the toss and been put into bat .
new zealand defender reid has experience to stop sergio aguero .
ancelotti also expects iker casillas to be at the bernabeu next year .
mark hughes has played down reports linking keeper with real madrid .
potters no 1 asmir begovic is out of contract at stoke at the end of 2016 .
cristiano ronaldo scored his 300th goal for real madrid-lrb-in all competitions-rrb-against rayo vallecano on april 8 .
kowen performs funeral by flushing goldfish before bursting into tears .
destroyer and support ship sent from bandar abbas , iran , to gulf of aden .
he crashed the bmw into a bollard in front of a shop and was arrested .
she faces up to 30 years in prison when she is sentenced next month .
she talks about caring for her son , riley , five , who has sickle cell anaemia .
on saturday , searchers from boy scout troop found a body ten feet from mississippi river 's edge which was identified as barway .
includes archived beatles photos and music videos of stars at the studio .
alison saunders consulted neil moore , a barrister where daniel janner worked , over whether to prosecute the labour peer .
passer-by found her wandering the streets crying and waving her hands .
judy eddingfield celebrated her 50th anniversary working at winstead 's restaurant last week where she began working when she was 15 in 1965 .
` it 's like my home away from home and i just love it here ,'judy eddingfield said of winstead 's in kansas city .
eddinfield 's mother along with her siblings all worked at the restaurant .
mansion , marketed for # 55m , been bought by company based in bermuda .
white house planners say they're ready to recommend spikes at the top of the mansion 's fenceposts to better protect the president .
technical university of braunschweig researchers analysed peppermint .
hattie gladwell was fitted with an ileostomy bag in january this year .
lubitz sought information online on various methods of taking his own life .
neighbour yang claims toddler pushed her-but there 's no other evidence .
three-year-old accused of murder by the apartment block manager .
tv presenter sophie falkiner reveals she was into girdles long before the kardashians made it cool .
arpaio is better known for his controversial opinions and racial profiling of latinos , than his dedication to a vegetarian diet .
researchers thought one of the vertebra bones was too small to fit lucy .
janet brown was killed at her buckinghamshire home in april 1995 .
but festival security then intervened and put singer in chokehold and removed him from the area .
singer arrived at artists'entrance to gain entry to drake 's gig .
miley , 22 , ditched razor for rock event on saturday .
president obama abruptly left the white house after reporters were sent home for the day sunday evening .
58 children with diabetes had also been badly affected by previous events .
teen erected signs : ` alex will you marry lol jk go to prom with me '
daniel pena set up an elaborate proposal to ask his girlfriend to prom .
but liu siying says she was n't offended and just doing her job .
the dog owner called the pet away from the toddler but then fled the scene .
morecambe victory secured jimmy floyd hasselbaink 's side promotion .
he ` has been diagnosed with depression after two years of bullying '
in a lawsuit against the school she says they failed to protect her son .
gerrard will go to champions-elect chelsea in the midst of a title party .
however , he died three days later in hospital after suffering cardiac arrest .
angel di maria and marcos rojo dine out together in manchester .
mohammad shatnawi scored a bizzare own goal in the jordanian league .
the 7-1 shot was making her debut in the al basti equiworld maiden stakes .
barcelona star lionel messi says he need to be reminded of his hat-tricks .
the 27 year old has had each of his hat-trick balls signed by team-mates .
christian eriksen was spotted with girlfriend sabrina kvist jensen .
koppenhaver , who goes by the name war machine , claims to be innocent .
former porn actress christy mack claims ex-boyfriend jonathan paul koppenhaver beat and raped her until she almost died at her home .
bayern munich face porto in the champions league on wednesday .
issue was flagged by a journalism student who worked alongside ingerson .
with soft feathers and heightened hearing , the bird is known as a deadly predator of mice and other small animals .
when the director is asked if he has anything to show pascal from his new movie aloha he responds ; ` does bruce jenner want boobs? hell yes '
aloha , which stars emma stone and bradley cooper , was blasted in a previously leaked email by pascal .
a comment on instagram , believed to be from rihanna , claims it was a joint .
video posted on instagram appears to show the singer preparing a suspicious substance and then holding her nose .
singer was partying with pals at coachella music and arts festival over the weekend .
puppy gets up , jumps back inside basket and chews on its rim .
former arsenal and england striker hails youth league winner jay dasilva .
solanke also finished as tournament top scorer , netting his 12th in final .
izzy brown flew in to captain side and scored twice after first-team call-up .
chelsea won the uefa youth league by beating shakhtar donetsk 3-2 .
christian benteke and fabian delph starred as villains booked final place .
aston villa will face arsenal in the fa cup final on saturday may 30 .
eddie hearn says brook is up for the ibf welterweight world title fight .
david moyes 'side remain in 12th place in the la liga table .
podolski insists he wants to fight for his place in north london .
german world cup winner has yet to score since arriving in italy .
lucy says she loves the waist she works hard to achieve .
but devon and cornwall police federation chair called it a ` publicity stunt '
christien sechrist , from houston , texas , made the decision to get the unique facial art in july last year .
will stay in luxury jackson hole , wyoming , resort and shoot with o'neill .
barbara beam died in the home she shared with her sister and nephew in greenville , south carolina in january .
melissa ball was parked at gas station with son grayden in the backseat .
condition also means sweating or crying can trigger a painful flare-up .
more than 10 , 000 people expected to attend centenary dawn service at the gallipoli peninsula in turkey .
sydney 's ` healthy cook'dan churchill , 25 , stars on good morning america .
former masterchef contestant has released ` dude food'cook book in us .
it has also emerged he has hired a ` performance coaching'firm for help .
lisa heath , 45 , quizzed by police after colleague saw white powder in bag .
paul nungesser was accused of raping former friend emma sulkowicz .
new video features an australian doctor called abu yusuf al-australi and an indian doctor called abu muqatil al-hindi .
sullivan was informed of the fraud while fighting for her life at memorial sloan kettering cancer center in new york . she died five days later .
jenrry mejia suspended for 80 new york mets games without pay .
encourages women to report sexual harassment on public transport .
her parents hope miss buckley 's body will soon be released for burial .
lewis hamilton , 30 , sealed victory in shanghai at chinese grand prix yesterday , his second win in three races .
reportedly told colleagues the move would precede a christie campaign .
mrs christie earns almost three times as much as her husband .
the couple invited guests to their lake como villa , according to a source .
mr foster objected when a candidate mentioned his # 1 . 5 million home .
a dancer since she was four years old , she documents the transition in photo project , choreographing my past .
name chanted at derby county 's match at millwall and shrewsbury town players wore t-shirts with his name as they gained promotion yesterday .
charles dunstone backed labour in 2005 election , but now supports tories .
climate sceptic group global warming policy foundation launch inquiry .
on monday , his wife alicia tried to clarify bobby 's statement saying ` she has made it out of icu and opened her eyes '
family have spent # 11 . 6 billion buying empire and sovereign wealth fund snapped up canary wharf for # 2 . 6 billion .
dana perino and bush were visiting families at the walter reed military hospital in washington , d . c . in 2005 .
perino said bush ` needed to hear the anguish'and later said he did n't ` blame the woman one bit'for being mad at him .
perino said one mother of a soldier from the carribean was devastated .
alastair clarkson has been filmed pushing and grabbing the neck of an adelaide power fan after hawthorn 's loss to port adelaide on saturday .
the intoxicated fan is seen harassing clarkson outside his adelaide hotel .
the warden had tried to leave a parking ticket on his borrowed supercar .
clarkson had parked his car to inspect a black ferrari pininfarina 275 .
hippo initially avoided the big cats by walking towards nearby water before turning around and charging at them .
one customer saw trousedale at work and hugged him in the aldi store .
the man , who was thought to be in his 20s , was then air lifted to hospital .
she was ` liked and loved by all'and would ` help anyone ' , family said .
john caudwell says the boy was shot and crawled into a bedroom to die .
his death has caused mass outrage in the maryland city and on saturday protests turned violent downtown ; 34 were arrested .
gray was arrested april 12 and taken to the the hospital within an hour for spinal injuries . he died a week later , on april 19 .
falsely claimed he was in military helicopter downed by rpg fire .
dr penman argues british people have lived too peacefully to innovate .
corinthian found to have misrepresented student job placement data .
the 53-year-old serial criminal has been convicted of 78 offences in britain .
michelle obama 's office says she chose the bold hue to distinguish her family 's china from the red , green , blue and yellow used on more recently .
formerly a marine photographer , takezawa 's latest project documents those who live off the land in harmony .
police said the woman told them she was forced into her car by a man .
after driving him to estes park , the woman said she'd been locked into her trunk by the man , police said .
the hospitals are so overstretched that he was asked to perform brain surgery on a teenager who had been crushed by a wall in the quake .
siblings currently control just 23 per cent of family 's hancock prospecting .
children of gina rinehart lodged case to increase stake in family company .
yet the professor said she found the matter ` pretty trivial'and questioned the dignity of those who forwarded the ` unintended post '
mcelroy said she was ` in terrible shape'when she first realized what she had done and saw her name make headlines .
jackson played david hasselhoff 's character 's son hobie buchannon in the hit tv show .
jackson left the show in 1999-he admitted to suffering from a severe drug addiction .
mr o'leary also took aim at air france and predicted more troubles times .
the controversial boss said ryanair 's average ticket price could drop by # 4 .
he attributed the cuts to lower oil prices and said savings will be passed on .
many little amusement parks are set up in the slum areas of pakistan on the outskirts of islamabad and rawalpindi .
14-month-old princess leonore was taken to meet the pope at the vatican .
dissident spent 12 years in prisons for spreading anti-soviet propaganda .
wells also revealed the first time she was approached by talent scouts .
she revealed agents tell models to eat a biscuit a day before fashion week .
ed balls rules out any snp pact benefiting scotland at england 's expense .
tesco worker held woman in her arms whilst waiting for ambulance .
she slipped and fell 500 feet below a hole in the trail know as the puka .
he had skied into dense woodland before sliding towards a 164 foot cliff .
plant in zhangzhou , fujian province , is used to make a toxic chemical .
they also beat the schoolboy unconscious while looking for his brother .
before the killing silvonek allegedly texted barnes'i want her gone '
though david is the cook in the family , neil is good at plating the food .
wrote of ` ticking time bomb'when all three children are together .
mr hamilton-miller also took evidence from former auschwitz prisoners .
five-month-old elijah mccrae 's parents made a bucket list for their son .
monarch , ryanair and thomson have all placed orders for new 737s .
officers pulled them out of the vehicle seconds before a wave flipped the vehicle , pulling it out into the water .
pay day loan costs went out of control after he had a stomach operation .
her son was found under rain-soaked pile of leaves on friday night and police say he would have died if passers-by had n't spotted him .
the sale divided the needham family , who owned the island for 45 years .
the 66-year-old outlaw suffers from many ailments but has n't been able to seek medical treatment because he does n't have social security card or id .
clarence david moore was serving a sentence for larceny when in june 1972 he escaped from north carolina prison .
her diamond ring was last seen three weeks before she passed away .
prime minister portia simpson miller gushed over president obama , at one point telling him'i love you '
patrick morrison first raped his mentally-disabled niece sabrina morrison in 2007 and after she told a teacher , a rape kit was carried out .
unsurprisingly her panicked parent did not find the trick funny .
she text her mum pretending to be a kidnapper demanding a ransom .
chioma ubogagu scored the winner for arsenal in a 1-0 win .
eamon sullivan proposed to girlfriend naomi bass in kyoto , japan .
proposal took place under a cherry blossom tree filled with white doves .
grammy award-winning artist tops uk album chart for first time in 25 years .
his album the ultimate collection includes 19 tracks from a 50-year-career .
paul simon , 73 , outsold more youthful musicians such as ed sheeran .
officers ryan nielson and autumn soto managed to get valles to safety just before his vehicle became fully engulfed .
tourist , in her 20s , had to be rescued in cambridge after toppling into the water while punting with three friends .
kristen jarvis , 34 , is moving on to become chief of staff to the ford foundation president darren walker in new york .
the comedian , who died suddenly at 56 last year , failed to leave a valid will .
his # 1 . 2 million estate could be liable for tax of tens of thousands of pounds .
he had radiation treatment for lesions on his forehead and top of head .
elderly man in kovich-suehn 's care was brought to florida hospital weighing only 89lbs .
peterson reportedly beat his son with a switch last may .
the meeting comes amid reports russia is considering bailing out greece .
felt a scratch on her throat and began coughing up blood and wheezing .
australian woman felt a wheeze and took a breath on her uncapped inhaler .
in hospital scans showed the earring was stuck in her right bronchus .
injuries to the crew included a broken leg , gangrene and large wounds , with james needing six men to pull a lion off him at one point .
leanne kenny reached 20st after starting work as a check out girl .
she has since joined weight watchers losing 7st and ten dress sizes .
they will be offered discounts to buy their properties , giving an extra benefit to those who currently occupy flats in mayfair for cheap rents .
iraqi prime minister haidar al-abadi had been expected to seek billions of dollars in drones and other u . s . weapons during his visit to the oval office .
soho management told daily mail australia the image was uploaded by an ` external promoter'who they had given access to their facebook page .
bundles of notes spilled onto interstate 20 in albilene , texas , on friday .
uncle abdo gave biso water and fed him scraps through hole every day .
chantelle doherty , 21 , jailed for preying on elderly people in their homes .
accomplice martin lawrence tricked elderly man and pair returned to his home days later and stole bottles of whisky , a phone and a credit card .
during a hearing one of the boys said he ` missed audrie a lot '
earlier this year , her twin phuoc received a liver from their adopted father michael wagner but binh 's fate remained uncertain .
binh wagner , a 3-year-old vietnamese girl adopted by an ontario family , was recovering monday following a liver transplant .
his father has said that despite his six-figure salary the family will struggle to meet cost to send son to ivy league school .
it was sent on january 12 last year and she was fired for gross misconduct .
louise nesbitt was employed as an office bookkeeper at a perth company .
classes currently run in sydney 's alexandria and surry hills .
` retrosweat'aerobics classes allow attendees to ` forget 2015 for an hour '
now being sued in florida federal court by love and oprah 's tv network .
the 26-year-old started amassing the items after being bullied aged nine .
nawaz can be seen repeatedly trying to make contact-which is against venue 's policy .
spinner named as new ambassador for liverpool fan group pak reds .
gary cahill has won four cup competitions since joining chelsea .
psg travel to nou camp on tuesday with barcelona in command of the tie .
blanc says barca have ` incredible talent'but his side have nothing to lose .
eric cantona has claimed earlier that javier pastore is ` best in the world '
mr reardon said he was beaten as he lay on the floor in chico , california .
andy lee defends the world title he won against matt korobov last year .
the 28-year-old receives hundreds of comments a day telling her that she needs to lose weight .
pienaar made his comeback in the 1-1 draw with swansea city .
jose mourinho 's side host man united at stamford bridge on saturday .
radamel falcao joined manchester united on on loan last summer .
phil taylor beat dave chisnall 7-3 and drew with stephen bunting in a pulsating clash to end the premier league darts in scotland .
legendary former australian cricketer and commentator richie benaud died on friday at the age of 84 of complications from skin cancer .
the home side were gifted the lead after james collins sliced a cross over adrian for an astonishing own goal .
the victory moved manuel pellegrini 's side back to within one point of manchester united in third in the league .
belgium striker divock origi signed for liverpool for # 10m last summer .
4wd was completely destroyed when flames started spewing from engine .
footage shows her immediately cheering up when she 's handed a french fry to lure over the family pup , zayla .
similar to the ` parallel pusher'developed by leading dutch company .
britney osbourne , 23 , denied being paid $ 300 to perform sex act on sapp .
man using electric wheelchair rolled over platform edge tuesday afternoon .
man escaped with only minor face injuries after two men helped him up .
paul smith , 61 , is facing animal cruelty charges for allegedly tossing five , 3-week-old puppies over a chain-link fence in marshall , texas .
the man was identified after a humane society worker posted a surveillance video of the incident on facebook .
marr twice said the pm told a magazine foxhunting is his favourite sport .
older dog then uses its paw to push the puppy onto the bed .
owner says unusual animal has an extraordinary appetite and is playful .
extra legs wo n't be removed as farmer wants kid to grow up naturally .
celtic missed out on the chance to secure a domestic treble after crashing out of the scottish cup semi-final 3-2 to inverness on sunday .
still , with the league cup already won in march , celtic have the opportunity to win two trophies if they can clinch the spl title .
arsenal and everton are also keen on signing milner in summer .
the italian newspaper claim that cavani would partner carlos tevez .
after huge success in forest gump she forfeited fame to raise her children .
the mother of four from california weighs just 120 pounds , but after the dinner she weighed in at 135 pounds .
kfc opened 219 of its kitchens to hundreds of people on saturday .
foundation aims to make people more aware of organ and tissue donation .
mother was at charity easter egg hunt at melbourne 's caulfield racecourse .
appeared to offer to sell drugs and a locked iphone 4 on his page .
he punched paramedic michael newman three times and spat in his face .
the state library is showing a collection of photographs taken in the 1800 's by the first hand held camera .
eileen dee was being treated for cancer when she caught the lethal bug .
now , she has just two large meals a day , no wholegrains and she has stopped sipping water in the day .
abedin was clinton 's deputy chief of staff at the state department and was her ` body woman'during the 2008 presidential campaign .
labour leader says speaking english is especially important in the nhs .
leo grand was offered a deal : either $ 100 or lessons in coding from patrick mcconlogue , who passed him on the street every day .
he said he has n't found the time to code every day anymore .
after daily coding lessons grand launched carpooling app trees for cars .
grand said he made $ 15 , 000 from the app , which is no longer in stores because he does not want to pay for the server space .
mr gibson sustained the knee injury in combat in the parachute regiment .
congress document redacted by bush administration pointed ` very strong finger'at financing from saudi arabia .
31-year-old visited doctors five times in two months but was sent home .
london mayor receives kiss from a female fan and is left with lipstick mark .
carwyn scott-howell died on a family holiday in flaine in french alps .
last year blamed ` open door immigration'for getting stuck in traffic on m4 .
pod of melon-headed whales beached in hokota , 60 miles from tokyo .
the whataburger says they did not let grant enter because the outfit in question was see-through .
nigella co-hosted u . s show taste but was stopped from entering country after admitting past cocaine use .
kent sprouse , 42 , faces lethal injection at 6pm thursday .
she went to his flat with him and let in her boyfriend kyrron jackson and his accomplice nicholas chandler .
phylise davis-bowens , 42 , who attended bethune-cookman university in daytona beach , florida has launched a lawsuit .
the supersonic attack aircraft can carry 3 , 000 kg of bombs 650 miles .
mount pleasant aerodrome is home to four eurofighter typhoon jets .
two jurors said a vehicle , believed to be from whdh-tv , trailed them .
schoolboy xiao gao , 11 , drank water spiked with perfume and chalk dust .
he beat his russian challenger in straight sets of 6-3 6-4 in barcelona .
rafael nadal lost heavily to novak djokovic on clay in monte carlo .
serbia star defeated clay court specialist rafael nadal in semi-finals .
hamilton is out of contract at the end of the year and is yet to sign new deal .
button then spent much of the bahrain grand prix on twitter delivering his verdict on the action as it unfolded .
jenson button suffering a third car failure of the weekend in bahrain .
while hamilton courts fame and has a lavish lifestyle , rosberg 's focus is on his family while his life is more settled .
hamilton has qualified pole in each of this season 's four races .
team principal maurizio arrivabene wants finn to improve performances .
kimi raikkonen 's deal with ferrari expires at the end of the season .
the mercedes driver is preparing for sunday 's bahrain grand prix .
the brit will seek to to extend his 13-point lead at the bahrain grand prix .
ride like the wind is a similar horse to 2014 's fifth runner charm spirit .
the 2 , 000 guineas will be run at newmarket on saturday , may 2 .
ian wright will hand mccoy , an avid arsenal supporter , the award .
the leicester tigers centre has struggled with a groin injury all season .
the heriot 's racing club hooker had been playing against the barbarians .
leicester will add new zealander mike fitzgerald to their ranks next season .
joe root hit 118 not out to help england into a 74-run lead on day three .
graeme swann said the salute made him ` laugh tea out of my nose '
ben stokes holed out in the deep for eight on day three in grenada .
root 's half-century gave him an england record-equalling sixth test score of 50 or more-no-one has seven .
gary ballance was out softly for 77 after ian bell played on for one . moeen ali ran himself out for a duck .
he claimed a similar exchange with james anderson helped him do the same to england back in 2012 .
if adil rashid was picked for the second test he'd be england 666th player .
but high kingdom suffered injury in stables and had to withdraw .
the 25-year-old will face marco fu in second round of world championship .
chris froome finished 123rd after a crash during the final 12 kilometres .
nba coaches mike budenholzer and gregg popovich will be in attendance .
chris paul will lead team world with luol deng skippering team africa .
arsenal manager arsene wenger wants fans to respect ex-players .
cesc fabregas makes his first return to his former club in the clash .
he says his freedom rider mother chris anne was descended from benjamin cole , a georgia slave-owner ` about six generations'ago .
ben affleck has revealed name of the slave-owning ancestor which he got pbs to cut from finding my roots .
pbs has launched an internal investigation into whether or not finding your roots violated their editorial standards and its host 's future is in doubt .
culture ministry paid # 2 . 4 m to cover a third of the filming costs in the city .
she thought he wore them to carry out a burglary but confessed to police when she realised he had murdered pennie davis .
australian radio host stands up for women going through ivf treatment .
passengers were to disembark the ship on tuesday but the wild storm prevented it from entering the harbour .
then found she'd been charged thousands for the 35-minute 7-mile trip .
uber says the bill was a clerical error and claims hessel was never actually charged the eye-popping sum .
two of britain 's foremost legal experts recommended pressing charges .
burroughs insisted the killing was not planned , but friends had said she killed him because she did n't want to relocate to florida .
yvonne made silent phone calls day and night and shouted abuse .
james died in hospital nine years ago after losing consciousness from fall .
his family play games at his grave every year and hope their story will be a warning to other parents about dangers of putting furniture near windows .
james krainich was almost two when he toppled from second floor window .
ms gledhill left with blurred vision , wounds , bruises and scars , court heard .
she watched a lecture by vogue 's suzy menkes and karl lagerfeld .
the patron saint of england st george slayed a dragon in famous legend .
gayla neufeld always struggled with her size , weighing 13 stone aged eight .
japanese man pays for his cheating ways with his prized gadget collection .
scorned girlfriend takes snaps of apple bath and sends them to him .
daryl scott donohue first tried to hire a hit man to ` take care of her '
donohue was charged again and hit with an extra seven year sentence .
an inmate who was approached by donohue went to police with information on how the prisoner tried to pay him to kill his wife .
he then continued to plot her murder from behind bars .
churchill downs , the racing grounds that hosts the competition , has invited sutton to watch the event for free as a special guest on may 2 .
the 84-year-old louisville native has n't missed a race since , and has amassed an impressive collection of memorabilia over the past 76 races .
john sutton jr was just 8 years old in 1940 , when his blacksmith father took him to his first kentucky derby .
nicholas connors gave a rousing performance ahead of the houston rockets and dallas mavericks basketball game on tuesday night .
obama refused to call the mass killings a ` genocide'in official statement despite promising as a presidential candidate that he would .
mother of four anna james has vowed to take her children to the festival .
her gory creations have earned her almost 3 , 000 followers on instagram .
on live with kelly & michael the 44-year-old said , ` he was a great man '
ripa tweeted : ` my heart is breaking for the loss of dr . fredric brandt . my friend . you will be missed forever and in my heart even longer '
she said they believed it would paint their country in a bad light .
the group were also concerned because of the film 's dark message .
when mr brockie demanded to have his son 's ashes back , gwar members allegedly gave him a small portion in a used plastic bag .
prime minister hailed charity work of the church across the country .
the boy suffered from a broken cheekbone , jaw and nose bridge and lost five baby teeth and three permanent tooth buds .
gavin tobeck of washington was attacked by one-and-a-half-year-old smash while in his backyard on april 1 ; he was released late on tuesday .
jameela jamil , 29 , is convinced dental work triggered health problems .
kyle major killed paul walker with a single punch to the back of his head .
rose byrne and gracie otto star alongside krew boylan , shannon murphy and jessica carrera on new film-maker group .
the temple sponsors his cause by funding the costume and cyclone bike .
dieter , 57 , from cologne , first came across a citroen truck dumped in a bush six years ago and became hooked .
the teenager also eats placenta and washes her face ten times a day in order to keep her skin wrinkle-free .
in the video she details her desperate attempts to avoid aging and prolong her modeling career for as long as possible .
three victims were part of a group of ten friends from san francisco and the east coast who were staying in mendocino county to hunt for abalone .
they dived into rough choppy water and found themselves almost immediately in trouble .
` sickening'game often ends with migrants drowning in the mediterranean .
other outcomes see women refugees sold to militia or abandoned in libya .
but the tories said labour the warning marked a ` new low'for labour .
is accused of murdering clothing designer yvonne lee baldelli in 2011 .
colleague dr robert anolik , who worked with brandt at his clinic , posted a moving tribute on monday saying he had lost a ` close friend '
kelly ripa , posted : ` my heart is breaking for the loss of dr . fredric brandt . my friend . you will be missed forever and in my heart even longer '
joy behar tweeted : ` dr brandt was one of the sweetest , nicest , most generous people i have had the good fortune to meet & work with . he will be sorely missed '
daniel , five , added to row by saying spartan kitchen was ` best'in the house .
the baby boy weighed eight pounds seven ounces and was 22 inches long .
harry just ` rocked up 'say thrilled locals and is a ` delightful chap '
original lyrics to u . s . pop anthem american pie up for auction today .
when giles opened her eyes her father showed her a photo of her son .
he hacked the animal to death , hitting it seven times with an axe at night .
dixon claimed he was concerned the dog would go on to bite children .
joshua , 17 , had suffered issues with ` on-off'girlfriend , inquest heard .
the ` memorial room'includes a special ceiling fresco and stained glass .
leeton high school have reached out to the community to commend them for the strength they have shown in the face of immeasurable grief .
koppenhaver , who goes by the name war machine , claims to be innocent .
sailors are therefore usually required to search decks for debris by hand .
researchers had previously believed continents connected 3m years ago .
implied he would n't make his ag enforce federal pot laws in states that have approved sales-even though directly conflict with federal law .
scientists believe breakthrough could result in new vaccines against virus .
they obstructed investigation into ppi complaints by tampering evidence .
staff at clydesdale and yorkshire banks misled the financial ombudsman .
he has bought tel aviv 's varsano hotel to convert into his israeli home .
chelsea owner roman abramovich has bought a new # 17 . 1 m property .
comes after ukip said tories should vote tactically where they ca n't win .
plan should include increases in wages and benefits and willingness to tax the wealthy .
de blasio , clinton 's campaign manager during her 2000 senate run , said on sunday he will not give up endorsement until he sees a vision from her .
he also said that americans are demanding candidates to have a plan for addressing ` out of control'income inequality in the country .
de blasio said clinton is ` one of the most qualified people to ever run '
kite 's total length is 6km-lrb-3 . 7 miles-rrb-and is made of 2 , 000 sections .
the actress , 29 , says she had to pay out of pocket for her 2007 abortion because she could n't tell her mother .
from this they divided people into two groups-future-banned users-lrb-fbus-rrb-and never-banned users-lrb-nbus-rrb-.
clots , or pulmonary embolisms , were wedged in mrs dickson 's lungs and caused pleural effusion-where fluid starts to build up around the lungs .
prosecutor called for barry to get jail time as patrick pleaded to spare him .
obama defended the informal agreement his administration made with iran and the shift toward cuba , which it may take of its list of terrorist countries .
the president took a jab at the wisconsin governor during an interview with npr morning edition host steve inskeep .
terminal bar closed when owner did n't want to pay $ 125 , 000 a year rent on property that now leases for millions .
nhs agreed to pay for ashya 's treatment , and family now say he is cured .
claims to have seen a ufo on flight between kansas and iowa in 1989 .
' i always make sure i have sufficient storage space on my phone to record '
brother of groom fired kalashnikov in celebration at riyadh reception .
linda macdonald was arrested monday night after veering off the road and crashing her car into a wooden fence in dummerston , vermont .
the shelburne , massachusetts woman claimed to have been talking on the phone and taking down directions when she crashed .
has tapped biggest supermodels and musicians for campaigns and shows .
madeline luciano was fired after an investigation into the incident last june .
however , fekir snr thinks his son would be stuck on bench at man city .
frontman 's father believes fekir would progress and develop at arsenal .
she then prevailed in the play-off to claim a sixth lpga tour title .
defeat left liverpool eight points off fourth place with seven to play .
jordan henderson says his team will not give up hope of top-four finish .
chelsea defender was banned for four matches and fined by fa .
blues captain will face rio ferdinand 's qpr side at loftus road on sunday .
queens park rangers twice threw away a lead in clash with aston villa .
tony fernandes experienced a range of emotions during 3-3 draw .
chelsea boss expects a hostile atmosphere at loftus road on sunday .
wasps no 8 nathan hughes was given a three-match ban for a late challenge on george north which left the northampton winger concussed .
as the hearing is scheduled to be held next friday , it means hughes will not be available for wasps to face toulon in the european champions cup .
george north was knocked out by wasps'nathan hughes last friday .
he will be given at least a month to recover before returning to action .
he will see a neurosurgeon following a third serious head injury in two months .
huddersfield forward faces lengthy spell on the sidelines following scans .
england 's low-key warm-up week in st kitts drew to a close .
ben stokes took three wickets for 10 runs as england bowled st kitts & nevis xi out for just 59 in tour match .
alastair cook-lrb-95 *-rrb-and jonathan trott-lrb-72-rrb-made big opening stand .
he had radiation treatment for lesions on his forehead and top of head .
he also scored the final goal in chelsea 's 3-2 victory at hull .
loic remy hit the decisive goal as chelsea beat stoke 2-1 on saturday .
he pleaded guilty to wilful damage of police property and was fined $ 300 .
mr philp claimed it was out of character but he has similar convictions .
says he was given warning and went on his way after listening to officer .
mr stack is a former college student and u . s . army national guardsman .
former england captain michael vaughan is favourite to replace paul downton as director of england cricket .
the 34-year-old is determined to make a comeback for england .
england would need permission from surrey before contacting stewart .
francis coquelin was on loan at charlton earlier in the season .
sherwood also revealed his wish for darren bent to be at villa park .
tim sherwood has a close relationship with qpr manager chris ramsey .
former manchester united and england defender neville on what is wrong with reigning champions city : ` this team can not sustain success '
diego simeone 's side have not lost to their city rivals in six games .
the former defender said he learnt from all the managers he played under .
arsenal ace alexis sanchez scored a double in the 29th and 72nd minute , either side of a harry kane goal .
barca defender adriano has warned this time will be more intense .
psg star lucas moura has lavished praise on barcelona star lionel messi .
medhi benatia was taken off against bayern leverkusen on wednesday .
benatia described his injury as an ` occupational hazard'on twitter .
manchester united are monitoring edinson cavani 's situation at psg .
uruguayan striker is said to be unhappy about playing out wide in paris .
psg continue to be linked with a move for barcelona full back dani alves .
england reduce invitational xi to 24 for six after amassing lead of 320 .
pep guardiola 's side are top of the bundesliga by 10 points .
danny welbeck watched nicki minaj perform in manchester on monday .
sarah watson claims she was offered money to spend the night with rojo .
keane is accused of causing harassment , alarm or distress to the driver .
he was seen walking to his apartment in cambridge , massachusetts with the victim , jonathan camilien , hours before the remains were found .
kim min hyeok has been accused of stamping on an opponent 's face .
christian benteke netted all three as aston villa drew 3-3 against qpr .
walsh appears to jump a car travelling at 40mph in paddy power advert .
cesc fabregas was caught by trailing arm of stoke city ace charlie adam .
former barcelona man picked up the injury during chelsea 's home win .
midfielder adam scored wonder goal during the game but it was n't enough .
arsene wenger insists arsenal have improved with likes of alexis sanchez .
he has featured in just five qpr matches since the start of october .
matt phillips recorded two assists in qpr 's 3-3 draw with aston villa .
chelsea are seven points clear at the top of the premier league table .
tim sherwood saw aston villa go behind twice before clinching a point in tuesday 's 3-3 draw with qpr .
christian benteke scored a hat-trick for the home side as the relegation strugglers shared the points at villa park .
jenson button and fernando alonso both retired in malaysia last month .
covering villa 's 3-3 draw with qpr on tuesday , he could not hide his delight when christian benteke scored .
louis van gaal and manuel pellegrini have both tried to immerse themselves in the local culture .
rapper lil wayne not injured after shots fired at his tour bus on an atlanta interstate , police say .
the mom saw her son on tv throwing rocks at police , cnn affiliate reports .
military has not confirmed if any rescued girls came from 2014 chibok mass abduction .
nepali pranksters make hidden camera videos of awkward social situations .
peggy drexler : in interview to promote movie , robert downey jr . walked out after being asked personal questions .
spent 22 hours buried under his home after 7 . 8-magnitude quake .
baby sonit awal found in rubble of nepal earthquake , sunday morning .
the sentences came after a trial in pakistan , a judge says .
forshani tamang 's family carried her for four hours to reach help after she was wounded when their home was destroyed .
social media has helped people overseas tracked down their loved ones in nepal .
german police say they think they `` have thwarted an islamist attack ,'' interior minister for hesse state says .
`` i think that she will follow where the evidence leads . i do not think she will follow just public opinion ,'' says a supporter .
kim bok-dong is determined to share her story of sexual slavery until she 's no longer physically able .
u . s . official : isis militants have `` no military capability'' at present , but are trying to recruit disillusioned taliban in several areas .
gabriel salvador set up an initial meeting between a tv exec and manny pacquiao 's trainer .
a second `` fifty shades'' film will be released in 2017 , a third in 2018 .
bruce jenner 's second wife linda thompson says she learned of his `` gender issues'' during their marriage .
south africa marks 21 years since the first free election .
the prosecutor looking at allegations against argentina 's president says no crime committed .
progress 59 spacecraft will re-enter earth 's atmosphere in a week , russia space agency says .
jean nidetch started weight watchers in 1963 .
a logic question about `` cheryl 's birthday'' goes viral .
chief justice disappointed conservatives earlier when he helped uphold obamacare .
john roberts is at judicial crossroads as high court to hear key same-sex marriage case .
roseanne barr told the daily beast that she is slowly going blind .
photographer ken hermann spent 10 days at the market photographing his project `` flower man''
his fiery email goes viral ; he now wonders if the unwanted attention will affect his career .
dahmer 's former minister tells the paper he'd say to guard , `` i bite''
jeffrey dahmer 's killer tells new york post he did it because of the convict 's creepy practical jokes .
errol louis : new ag loretta lynch will try to get cops to improve community relations , end abusive practices .
amanda curtis , ceo of a fashion company in new york , posted a picture of four rainbows to twitter .
her case gained international attention ; prompted a presidential pardon .
italy drew 1-1 with england at the juventus stadium on tuesday night .
got into fight with friend of victim john potts , and punches were thrown .
professor david hillman said it 's important to pay back our sleep debts .
he also says sleep can be broken up as long as you get the first 4 hours .
aston villa captain ron vlaar will return to the first-team from injury .
villa take on manchester united at old trafford on saturday .
manager tim sherwood has urged the dutchman to prove himself again and help villa to avoid relegation from the premier league .
the school girls , aged between 16 and 18 , undergo a five-day intensive knife-fighting course to learn self defence .
the 27th march huizhou integrated high school purchased 250 knives-with plastic retractable blades for safety .
aston villa owner randy lerner in discussions to sell the club .
southampton manager will wait for further news before making signings .
forster damaged his knee in recent 2-0 premier league win over burnley .
livingston boss mark burchill believes that cole can overcome his heartbreak to play for his side against alloa .
dane tilse is to sign a two-and-a-half-year contract with hull kr .
the female asu student and a civil rights activist accused police of making durant out to be a thug .
langley later claimed she got angry with durant and lied to police .
a man sprays insect repellent under the handle door of his holden ute .
the post was immediately deleted and luke has since apologised .
claims that lionel messi is currently enjoying ` best spell'of his career .
fiorentina goalkeeper neto has been linked with liverpool and arsenal .
jailed for 16 months after spending the cash on camping gear and holiday .
racing metro 's no 10 wants to finish two-year stint in paris with a medal .
kamal criticised umpires'decision to award controversial no-ball against rohit sharma in india 's world cup match with bangladesh .
these have included outbursts to the press and an altercation with crystal palace midfielder james mcarthur in february .
10 of those have been decisive , and the magpies would be in the relegation zone behind sunderland without his goals .
chelsea unbeaten in 14 premier league home games this season-lrb-11 wins-rrb-.
stoke city have lost all eight trips to chelsea since premier league return .
but , manager dick advocaat insists the midfielder will face newcastle .
barcelona set to travel to celta vigo for clash on sunday .
west ham manager sam allardyce has warned brendan rodgers that any bumper deal offered to raheem sterling could upset other liverpool players .
speaking ahead of west ham 's game with leicester , allardyce also took time to defend under-fire foxes boss nigel pearson .
gutierrez has appeared as substitute in three games since return from testicular cancer , but has n't yet been on winning side .
pharmacists say role as health care providers conflicts with participation in lethal injection .
boyfriend tommy schaefer sentenced to 18 years in prison for the attack .
23 people have minor injuries , officials say .
the plane might have hit an object on the runway , the japanese transportation ministry says .
the supermodel announced her retirement from runway modeling over the weekend .
climbing permits increase in tibetan and nepalese side this year .
chris pratt takes the lead in the new trailer for `` jurassic world''
peter gallagher alleges similarities to his `` the little white trip : a night in the pines'' from 2006 .
gray was placed inside a police van after his arrest ; it 's unclear if anything happened inside the van .
`` contacts with the cuban authorities are still in too early a phase ,'' vatican spokesman says .
the prime minister last year criticized binge drinking culture in australia .
new neighborhood named carlsberg city set to emerge in copenhagen , denmark .
court summary revealed that rudd had ordered for his personal assistant to be `` taken out''
you can see its internal organs through the translucent skin on its belly .
yemen is descending into chaos as a shia-sunni conflict draws in regional rivals saudi arabia and iran .
al qaeda fighters attack a prison and other government buildings , freeing many prisoners .
unicef : aid includes medical supplies for up to 80 , 000 people and more airlifts are planned .
the gofundme campaign has already topped its $ 75 , 000 goal .
tristan da cunha holds competition for architects and designers .
hillary clinton developed a close relationship with the financial world as a new york senator .
ousted leader abdu rabu mansour hadi promises to return .
he converted to islam in 1995 , left u . s . in 1998 and joined al qaeda , becoming a spokesman .
in his final known video , adam gadahn called for governments of pakistan and saudi arabia to be overthrown .
tsarnaev family members arrive in boston , but it 's not clear if they'll testify .
iran has proposed a four-point plan for yemen but saudis have ignored it .
ruth ben-ghiat : italy 's colonial past plays a key role in the migrant humanitarian disaster in the mediterranean .
rebecca francis'photo with a giraffe was shared by ricky gervais .
mother genevieve kelley 's trial is set to begin next month .
mary nunes'father says he is `` overjoyed she is alive and back in the us''
walter scott was killed by a south carolina police officer in april .
in 2014 election , overplaying to one gender failed-- particularly with `` war on women''
heidi bretscher , 28 , was running the marathon in raleigh , north carolina .
passenger accused of smuggling 108 exotic animals on flight from jakarta .
condition causes noncancerous lumps to appear all over his body .
kyle schwartz , a third-grade teacher in denver , colorado , devised a new lesson plan last month .
after posting some of the affecting responses on twitter , teachers across the nation started trying out the lesson and posted their own responses .
andy and kim , both 27 , had reception in cromlix house hotel , after service at dunblane cathedral .
she has filed lawsuit against fraternity house , accusing it of negligence .
seven months on , 19-year-old is still recovering from traumatic injuries .
in 24-page document , she also accuses wesleyan university of ` failing to protect her from dangers at the frat house'despite city officials'reports .
pm promises to extend right to buy to all housing association tenants .
a ch-53e super stallion helicopter was forced to make an emergency landing on a north san diego county beach wednesday morning .
the helicopter parked on the back for four hours before taking off back to miramar air station .
a 40-year-old man with chest and shoulder injuries was airlifted to hospital .
overloaded ship capsized off the libyan coast on the treacherous journey across the mediterranean on sunday .
bva said the scheme had not demonstrated it was effective and humane .
prince harry 's ex looked fresh-faced and in high spirits at the london party .
mr bretti said rival cut him off and then punched him through window .
adam leheup met his alleged victim at waterloo station in july 2013 .
taken to hospital in unknown condition ; has been charged with murder .
after inviting the woman and her friends back to the house , he allegedly undressed , forced his way into a bathroom and pinned her to the floor .
the former investment banker pleaded not guilty and is free on $ 100 , 000 bail .
denise fedyszyn , 37 , from holmfirth , was told : ` you're too fat to ride '
sam cam accompanied the pm to the launch of his party 's manifesto .
the gang rape leader was assaulted by three other inmates on friday .
he is not eligible for parole until 2033 and shares a cell with his brother mohammed .
bilal skaf was sentenced a maximum 55 years in prison in 2002 for gang raping young girls in sydney 's southwest when he was just 18 .
man , known as salim , is accused of assaulting tourist in jaipur , india .
caesar went missing at the weekend from his owner 's home in ispheming .
a catholic priest has called for the ` gay panic'laws to be removed .
an archbishop said he supports the homicide defence to be scrapped .
now rolling out new voice unlock feature to users .
the clip of his son drifting off has since received more than 1 . 7 million views since it was posted last month .
lozano pleaded to first-degree manslaughter as part of a plea deal after being initially charged with murder .
a judge sentenced tony lopez lozano , 35 , to 10 years in prison for stabbing his boyfriend in the heart during a fight .
when the ute pulled up in front of another car , three people got out .
an armed woman was seen stabbing the car 's bonnet on a melbourne road .
william tyrrell vanished from his home in kendall , nsw in september 2014 .
jesse and melissa meek revealed they're expecting a child in a rap video they made set to theme from ` the fresh prince of bel-air '
officers were said to be terrified of her alex ferguson-style critiques .
abused man hafeez ahmed bhatti thanked ms eden the next day .
mr bhatti said he will be speaking with police to potentially press charges .
made claims following revelation agency fired two employees in denver .
carey mulligan 's grandmother suffers from alzheimer 's disease .
his pickup then backs up after a struggle and runs over sloan 's leg .
yarmouk , on the outskirts of damascus , has been under siege since 2012 .
scandinavian brand lindex launches in the uk with westfield store .
fraley says the police at the scene and those who allowed bates on the streets are to blame but his mother cathy fraley says she forgives bates .
aidan fraley , 16 , says his father eric harris'killer robert bates should never have been allowed to work as a tulsa deputy .
she is one of four people accused of the 1995 killing of gonzalo ramirez , 24 , who she claims raped her .
esparza is now testifying at van 's murder trial , which is in its second day .
pictures emerged last week of liverpool star sterling smoking shisha .
aeman presley , 34 , faces charges stemming from a string of murders that officials say he committed last year .
presley had reportedly moved from los angeles to atlanta to restart his acting career , but bought a gun with the stated intent of using it for robbery .
she handed in her resignation at the end of 2014 after the report said her actions during the birth were ` grossly inadequate '
a crowd of more than a thousand gathered near uk 's lexington campus saturday night to mourn the loss .
alleged robber points item that appears to be rifle into air ; shot rings out .
seconds later , officer michael rapiejko starts speeding toward valencia .
angela merkel and husband spotted while on italian island holiday .
mrs ru then reverses knocking husband over and backing over him .
leaped onto rails at subway stop in philadelphia and helped him escape .
collins visited mcnamee , who has several broke bones , in hospital .
is paying workers in his cambodian factory double the minimum wage .
experts first identified the rare condition in 2000 , noting seven symptoms .
commemorations began at sunset on wednesday to mark 70 years since the liberation of the nazi death camps .
pictures emerged last week of liverpool star sterling smoking shisha .
the pictures create a fresh problem for liverpool boss brendan rodgers .
australian winger justin carney dislocated his elbow during win .
taekwondo star has received citizenship from moldova and plans to fight for them at the rio 2016 games .
aaron cook was overlooked by team gb for the london olympics .
nathan hughes accidentally knocked out george north during northampton 's 52-30 victory against wasps on march 27 .
toulon reached the champions cup semi finals with win against wasps .
caroline wozniacki played tennis with us president barack obama as part of the # gimmegive campaign at the annual easter egg roll .
osvaldo believes the boca fans ` would go crazy'for the italian duo .
robin van persie said he was fit for united after nearly two months out .
he insists he feared facing aston villa because of their defensive set-up .
pellegrini is hoping to end a terrible run of form with manchester city .
tim krul sportingly greeted defoe at half-time in wear-tyne derby .
jermain defoe scored a superb dipping volley against newcastle to secure a 1-0 win for sunderland in the wear-tyne derby .
jermain defoe scored the winner with a stunning volley from 25 yards .
win puts the black cats three points clear of the relegation zone .
jermain defoe scored stunning winner as sunderland beat newcastle 1-0 .
liverpool striker mario balotelli has been racially abused online .
but louis van gaal will travel to stamford bridge without several key men .
given has played in all four of aston villa 's fa cup matches this term .
louis van gaal has told the young left back he is not fit enough .
he has not appeared for united since being substituted against arsenal .
ash handley has now scored six tries in six appearances for leeds .
the german has returned in better form , and says injury helped him .
mesut ozil missed three months because of injury this season .
the jury wanted to make it known that they gave hernandez a fair trial and did not let his notoriety get in the way of their difficult decision making .
the aaron hernandez jury and alternate jurors sat down as a group with cnn 's anderson cooper on thursday .
hargrove said he ` had a lot to drink'when the video was filmed and did not remember the incident .
seaworld released the video to reporters and said they received it last weekend from an ` internal whistle-blower '
filmmaker rotates four stacked see-through plastic cups .
he selects an afro hair type , a shirt and a pair of glasses .
park manager said brian has been ` entertaining our guests for years '
the surrender in appomattox , virginia , is considered a milestone event in the ending of the civil war .
one post says'' you have freedom of speech thanks to us . stop talking sh * t or we'll f * * * ing rape you c * * t '
now she says she does want to be a woman and is paying for her treatment .
rihanna cooper , 21 , from hull , is working as an escort to pay for genital op .
sedway shared video of her removal from alaska airlines flight on facebook .
alaska airlines has said it has refunded her tickets and will pay for her family 's overnight stay in lihue .
she said an airline representative took note of her because she was wearing a surgical mask and was sitting in handicapped section .
one woman said she was allegedly raped with a broom handle by abuser .
her majesty is enjoying renewed popularity , especially on social media .
jade and ross morley released a video to explain to their friends and family that their first child floyd-henry had achondroplasia dwarfism .
family say post-mortem exam found no sign of cancer in the grandmother .
minutes later slager shot him in the back in a nearby park .
after a week of peace and quiet , she decided to send another note and gifts .
digby , who was perilously close to death , has taken on a new lease of life .
henry howes was playing on arcade game after a swimming lesson at the snowdome in tamworth .
but the four-year-old stretched too far and got trapped inside the game .
nigel farage backed his candidate , branding investigation ` utter nonsense '
kim kardashian shared pictures from the baptism of her daughter north , held at saint james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city .
the chief whip ruled out any cuts to pensioner and disability benefits .
kitten tilly had to be put down after inspectors found her ` clearly dying '
teenager threw the cat against walls , dangled her into bathwater by her tail and flushed her head in the toilet in disturbing footage .
police will contact authorities in holland for a background check on accused killer , vincent stanford , who was charged with murder .
the star trek star helped pressure a new jersey auction house to cancel a sale of 450 photos and artifacts from world war ii internment camps .
fashionable premium ale market grew more than 10 per cent to # 490million .
bilal al-berjawi and mohammed sakr died during drone strikes in 2012 .
source claims he intended to go back , but did not after friends were killed .
headmaster david mulford wrote that allegations dating back 35 years were to come before the courts .
she found her inspiration while studying at the international center of photography in new york ten years ago and lived across the street from a police station 's recreation room .
now the youngest girl 's family has filed a lawsuit accusing the sheriff and a deputy of using rebecca 's death as an ` opportunity for media attention '
university of alberta experts said differences in size and shape of tail bones enable male and female small feathered dinosaurs to be sexed .
men were executed on a dusty road in deir ez-zor , syria , isis claimed .
eyewitnesses first saw the couple arguing outside of the home .
a police officer was seriously injured in the firefight that ensued in zaragoza .
ri sol-ju appears in public with her husband for first time since december .
mr odell later wrote that he did n't think aldi was taking matter seriously .
it was captured by us-based photographer libby zhang who said that the crowd burst out in a roar of laughter .
luke shaw joined manchester united for # 31 . 5 million in the summer .
sir bobby 's side finished fourth and qualified for the champions league back in 2001-2002 in what was one of their most successful seasons .
ciro immobile could return to italy following poor goal return .
ayew admits he grew up watching english football as a boy .
incident took place shortly before the end of league two clash between dagenham and stevenage in march .
premier league player george boyd played for the non-league team .
greg dyke could axe the england c team to find the needed # 30million .
defender scored during city 's jpt victory against walsall in march .
the eight medical professionals will meet in may to discuss future plans .
his mother had called police to help take mentally ill son to hospital .
melbourne zoo 's aging orangutan was first diagnosed with the condition in 2013 .
the listing claiming id was from soffolk county jail was deleted saturday .
bird makes the sound of running water and a distorted voice .
british world champion is negotiating contract without an agent .
hamilton admits it is unlikely mercedes deal will be agreed this weekend .
resuming on 341 for five , england 's final five wickets fell for 58 .
the portuguese starlet sustained broken leg in 0-0 draw with huddersfield .
ronny deila confirms jason denayer wo n't play in champions league .
manchester united reportedly ready to pay # 30million to sign defender .
dortmund had taken an early lead in the 19th minute through neven subotic 's goal before kevin volland equalised for the visitors .
sebastian kehl scored in extra time to edge borussia dortmund past hoffenheim 3-2 in the german cup quarter-finals .
roberto firmino then gave hoffenheim the lead with a superb chipped shot before patrick aubameyang pulled dortmund level .
dortmund coach jurgen klopp says pep guardiola 's side deserved win .
john terry racially abused anton ferdinand at the ground in october 2011 .
volunteer said that ` with time he became my good friend '
right wrist of kim jong-un pictured strapped up with white bandages .
you splashed out on meals everyday in a plan to keep her by his side .
he has now proposed to yan and promised to keep on feeding her .
england winger has made just five starts for his club this campaign .
the 20-year-old liverpool star has managed just six goals this season .
his 210 . 5 miles this season beats christian eriksen from tottenham .
players from stoke , hull , liverpool and west ham feature in the top 10 .
anderson saw red for an off-the-ball shove during the first half of 1-1 draw .
england star , 20 , insists he is not a ` money grabber'after turning down # 100 , 000-a-week contract offer tabled by liverpool .
when he resisted , they set him on fire , leaving him with 30 per cent burns .
harvey boulter revealed former defence secretary took a friend abroad .
arbeloa says his spell ended well but chelsea boss is happy in london .
jose mourinho left real madrid in 2013 after a series of public fall-outs .
inter milan players will now report for training early on easter sunday .
club 's top four hopes have been dealt a massive blow with the defeat .
the right back also made 19 international appearances for england .
parker 's expired passport was listed for sale on ebay for # 5 , 000 .
it was third win over czech republic since break-up of czechoslovakia .
trey moses , a kentucky high school student who has committed to ball state next year , surprised ellie meredith during her p . e . class on thursday .
it is becoming a common behaviour in some villages since 2011 .
the teenager is a university of mississippi scholar , phi delta theta frat member , star soccer player , was a top student at private school in jackson .
john bramblitt developed epilepsy aged 11 and went blind when he was 30 .
caykur rizespor lost to fenerbahce in the turkish super lig on saturday .
qpr travel to west brom on saturday in crucial relegation clash .
patrick kluivert 's side won 4-3 on aggregate to set up match against cuba .
kumar sangakkara retired from one-day cricket after the world cup .
sports minister navin dissanayake has asked the test captain to play on for another year .
palace have no new injury concerns ahead of the selhurst park clash .
crystal palace host manchester city on monday night football .
the fa blocked previous attempt for club to become hull tigers .
decorated former argentina international esteban cambiasso says that keeping leicester up this season would be like ` another cup '
the former inter milan and real madrid midfielder joined leicester last summer on a free transfer , signing a one-year deal .
sporting director jose luis perez caminero praises belgian defender .
but atletico madrid says they are counting on alderweireld for next season .
set to host hull city in the premier league on saturday afternoon .
iona called her mother , diana malcolmson , at 3 : 30 a . m . on monday morning to tell her she was ok .
david cameron is an old etonian , as too is oscar winner eddie redmayne .
couple 's 17-year-old daughter , audrey , was born while her mother was out on probation . her 16-year-old sister , georgia , was born behind bars .
australia 's favourite rock star-turned-politician peter garrett has put his family 's sydney home on the market .
coroner records open verdict as case ` just does n't seem to make sense '
australian fashion designer alex perry wo n't show at this year 's mbfwa .
the designer is excited to kick back and enjoy the shows from front row .
pet owner michele etzel says she never intends to speak to her 6-foot-8 son again .
his victim , ron lane , and brother had never met and there were no complaints against lane when he was shot dead on monday .
in an expletive-filled rant , he told the judge he knew he was going to get life in prison but shot dead his boss for wanting to molest his brother .
her eyes filled with tears before she sobbed with her arm over her face .
her sister found she had been messaging an 18-year-old man-but he turned out to be 30-year-old edward primo bonilla .
lost three stone during epic voyage which used up 16 pairs of shoes .
a scan of her retina revealed heat from the bolt burned a hole in her retina .
marie muldoon won the competition with a heartwarming shot of her daughter cuddling up to a horse .
he was jailed in 2005 and sentenced to 31 years at kern valley state prison .
ashton wood has issued a tongue-in-cheek apology to jeep and will read it out on abc tv 's the checkout tonight .
she had a cardiac arrest and ` died'for 11 minutes as her son was born .
mother amy murray , 23 , was arrested in cinema after assaulting film-goer .
she and friend were drunk when they went to see fifty shades of grey .
the couple , who married in 2013 , met four years ago and also have a 21-month-old daughter audrey .
sammy 's father , justin , has been on dialysis for six years and is in need of a kidney transplant so the family is now appealing for help .
` not according to sales ,'ms milne responded .
men suffered fractured vertebrae and mr carey was told he may never walk again because of the severity of his injuries from the jump .
masked executioner beheads the men before wiping his blood-stained blade .
ukip-commissioned poll shows farage in danger of finishing third .
it earned 64 points along with a & p and waldbaum 's , which was ranked the worst out of 68 supermarkets surveyed .
it features five key moments in the battle 's progress as well as several more light-hearted vignettes from the day .
ucla study found the pill shrinks two parts of the brain linked to emotion .
he was on trial in august 2014 at lincoln crown court for murder .
hassan is ` relative of hammaad munshi who joined islamic state aged 15 '
he was one of saddam hussein 's most trusted henchmen in ba'ath party .
chelsea drew 0-0 with arsenal at the emirates on sunday .
jose mourinho : john terry was one step ahead of every other player .
reveals a massive construction effort on fiery cross reef in spratly islands .
u . s . president implied that china was bullying its neighbouring countries .
america criticised china for building artificial islands in south china sea .
it comes after 10 doctors called on columbia to fire oz for promoting ` quack treatments'on his tv show , including weight-loss supplements .
friday 's tweet is the first public comment linda has made about her former husband 's personal journey .
the couple had two sons brandon and brody before they divorced in 1986 .
she compared his anticipated tv revelations about his ` true self'to the magnitude of his olympic achievement .
comes after swiss animal protection agency into miserable conditions the dogs are kept in .
tory tacticians have now told campaigners to focus on economic success .
edward powell did not register his dog and the court gave him a $ 1500 fine .
her family wrote an honest obituary announcing her death and detailing her ` bad decisions including experimenting with drugs '
it is the same model that was famously crashed into a ravine in the 80s cult classic film ferris bueller 's day off .
saban argued it was grimes who attacked her and left her bleeding .
in her suit , grimes said the sorority sisters were arguing over a boy when saban posted on facebook : ` no one likes sarah , yayyyyy!
sarah grimes accused kristen saban , daughter of alabama football coach nick saban , of brutally beating her after a night of drinking in 2010 .
grimes claimed saban left her with a broken nose and a concussion .
apple launches its first smartwatch today-but its stores will not stock it .
for the first time , he will use his own name rather than his mother 's name .
schumacher snr , seven-time formula champion , won a record 91 races .
she was initially pleased but an infection killed off some breast tissue .
they chased one victim round a tree and onto a main road to beat him .
veteran tv presenter richard wilkins was moved to tears as he retraced his grandfather 's anzac footsteps .
but as he ignored her and reached into the till she punched him in the head multiple times .
bishop said she loves her bosses and fighting back was ` just a reaction '
other people saw bishop tailing the robber and followed , helping police arrest the man-who was a wanted felon for forgery .
it was claimed that the former olympian would be watching the show twice-once with the kardashians and next with the jenners .
freddie gray , who is black , asked for medical help but was denied during 30-minute police car ride , eventually paramedics were called .
jeni 's splendid ice creams of ohio said in an online statement on thursday that it has initiated voluntary recall of all of its products .
his attorneys claim the court tried to paint him as ` mr filthy '
composer and pilot was found guilty of multiple sex offences in december .
australian mp andrew robb says he would put a pen in his mouth to smile .
carer was draining up to # 300 a day from the accounts of disabled couple .
mr marshall-ascough said he enjoys interacting with people , which is important for a politician to not be ` just all about the politics '
tavon watson , 24 , was driving and was taken to hospital for treatment .
disney world spokesman said driver ` lost control'of the lamborghini .
he believes it could have been a world record but did n't get measurements .
fox news sunday host appeared on the mike gallagher show on friday .
rafael ramos and wenjian liu were murdered on patrol in december .
the child was held by his mother when he slipped and fell between 10 and 12ft into the pit on saturday around 3pm at the cleveland metroparks zoo .
he was rescued by his parents before emergency responders arrived on the scene ; he suffered from minor bruises and bumps .
kendra spears , 26 , has given birth to her first child , a son named irfan .
whitney fetters turned herself into cops in february after it emerged she ` had exchanged x-rated photos and videos with the student '
the 22-year-old teamed up with the flatiron school in new york to offer 20 girls free tuition to a two-week software engineering program .
karlie attended the course last year and was inspired to share her experience with young girls across the country .
the model gave $ 20 , 000 of her own money to create the scholarship , with the flatiron school matching her donation .
jessica mejia , 20 , died when her drunk ex-boyfriend smashed their car into a pole in cook county , illinois in december 2009 .
she had recently left position at v & a for role at royal collection trust .
unamused judge added 30 days to his sentence for the lewd gesture .
dustin irons was appearing in court via video-link on a large tv screen .
kenney has prior arrests and was hospitalized for a psychiatric evaluation .
after putting case on scales , woman slapped airport worker .
hannon will oversee a team that develops websites , apps and other outreach tools designed to attract democratic voters .
rand paul poached ted cruz 's senior digital strategist away last year .
the crescent was originally designed by john nash , who also created buckingham palace , in the early 19th century .
he took the wicket of denesh ramdin , caught behind by alastair cook .
anderson picked up his 384th wicket during first test against west indies .
nondescript semi-detached home for sale in horfield , bristol , is an unlikely collector 's paradise .
twin cities radio host mary lucia wrote a letter to her fans on wednesday saying she would be taking some time off work following her ordeal .
he ` left gifts including wine , candles , a calculator and food at her home '
police claim he was one of the participants in a gang rape that occurred in panama city , florida in march .
troy university students delonte'martistee , 22 , and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , were previously charged in the attack .
the home-schooled teen was allegedly communicating with people in online chat rooms and made several calls before she left home .
after one series on the show claudia winkleman is nominated for a bafta .
the butcher vehemently denies he was rude to or swore at her and says the woman is a ` troublemaker'out to ruin the business .
she says she was sworn at and told to ` go to a f * * * ing aussie butcher'when she tried to change her chicken selection .
they ` all played naked twister and lehnardt had sex with an 18-year-old man in the bathroom before playing with sex toys in front of the teens '
she said she went to bed alone but awoke to her daughter 's 16-year-old boyfriend having sex with her ; there are no charges against him .
previous guests include bill clinton and antonio banderas .
she was with her parents for six days before returning to the church .
the church denies all forms of leisure in favor of prayer and believes in deep self-loathing to repent for sin .
the map uses different coloured markers to highlight the species at risk .
in 1985 , she shot her second husband , james batten , 46 , but was acquitted after claiming she acted in self defense and could n't remember killing him .
colleen ann harris was found guilty of first-degree murder for shooting dead her third husband , bob harris , in their bedroom in 2013 .
the two killings took place in the same home , with the same type of gun , during marital problems and she said she had amnesia after both .
prosecutors say she shot dead harris , from whom she was separated , after hearing him making a call to a love interest .
the couple 's two adult daughters testified against their father during the trial , noting his odd behavior .
in her first mugshot , taken after her arrest in 2008 , arias smiled and later said she did so on purpose because she knew it would be widely published .
chinese say they plan to finish the huge project within five years .
doctors had told rayhons that his wife of seven years was no longer mentally capable of legally consenting to have sex .
child left with horrific scars by adopted mother over homework she set him .
swedish home furnishings company have launched ` wedding online '
mimi and joe lemay of massachusetts say their son jacob was never happy as a girl , adding that he has called himself a boy since he was two .
now attending a school where everyone knows him as a boy , jacob is the happiest and most outgoing he has ever been .
sherry arnold , a 44-year-old math teacher from sidney , montana , was on a morning jog on january 7 , 2012 , when she was abducted .
prosecutors agreed he was mentally ill but said he could stand trial , recommending 100 years prison .
thames water investigated and discovered a 10 tonne fatberg in the sewer .
she described mrs clinton as ` america 's greatest modern creation '
stanford gained employment as a casual cleaner in october .
arriving back in australia in recent years , he has lived with his mother and elder brother in a small house in leeton , nsw , for 13 months .
but minutes later he appeared at her front door after having survived the crash and made his way back to english shores to see his parents .
prairie dog deaths at picture canyon led to positive tests on fleas .
she failed to yield to officers and wove in and out of traffic lanes , according to california highway patrol .
muslims beat him and set him alight with kerosene because he is christian .
attack follows taliban bombing which killed 17 in lahore church in march .
the sweden international was caught on camera swearing about a referee .
paris saint-germain striker zlatan ibrahimovic picked up a four-game ban .
marseille 's dimitri payet also received a two-game ban for swearing at a closed referee 's door after a match against lyon .
luis enrique insists his side will be focusing their attention on valencia .
robson is targeting a return to action at the french open in may .
the greek government has proposed a new law which could see sporting events cancelled due to incidents of crowd violence in the country .
the greek government have refused to back down with the proposed law .
real madrid face atletico madrid in the champions league on wednesday .
he has tipped 18-year-old juve forward kingsley coman to be the next star .
leonardo jardim says monaco prove you do n't need to splash the cash .
southampton 's highly-rated defender nathaniel clyne is about to enter the final year of his current contract at the club and is stalling over new terms .
mark warburton set to leave at the end of the season .
west ham take on qpr at loftus road in the premier league on saturday .
but , henry feels the mexican owes all the credit to cristiano ronaldo .
luis suarez scored twice for barca in their win at the parc des princes .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao meet on may 2 in las vegas .
but he believes he is better than heavyweight legend muhammad ali .
manny pacquiao answers ` very good'to a question before interview ended .
amir khan is currently training for next month 's fight with chris algieri .
karl oyston will face charges next month over shocking text messages .
blackpool chairman send abusive messages to a fan before christmas .
josh meekings was given a retrospective one-match ban for a handball .
hull 's chief scout stan ternent has watched maciej rybus in russia .
raheem sterling , danny ings and ross barkley are all on city 's wanted list .
mauricio pochettino wo n't continue blooding youngsters unless approach is merited .
manager gary johnson became manager of the club at the end of march .
he got the team to sign a piece of paper promising to give their all .
tranmere fans called for adams to leave the club after 3-0 loss by oxford .
micky adams has left role at prenton park with just two games left to play .
lucas akins scored twice as burton albion were promoted to league one .
rugby league star james lockwood has been banned for two years .
bradford are appealing for witnesses and working with police .
doctors ordered ms hollis , from tamworth , to start going to the gym .
kira hollis , 27 , weighed just 6st and was deemed clinically underweight .
steve tempest-mitchell had gastric bypass surgery to shrink his stomach .
in an easter message to christians he defended ` moral content'of cuts .
mourners gathered on thursday to farewell ashley johnston .
his estranged ex-girlfriend , mother of his child , works at the site .
four visitors witnessed suicide , sheriffs tried to talk him out of it but failed .
he visited the park twice last week , received two restraining orders .
man , who has not been named , turned gun on himself at 2 . 15 pm .
lion seizes opportunity and leaps on to animal attempting to land killer bite .
arrived in uk in 2007 after ` marriage of convenience'and claimed benefits .
a judge told ginneti her ` sexual hunger'had devastating consequences for two families .
mother lynne neatis says she has been battling hospital for it for two years .
great-grandfather robert clark has lived in the house for 50 years .
research indicates that pms is caused by unhealthy hormone receptors .
mr childs is the second lib dem candidate to go public on having hiv .
lib dem felt compelled to speak after nigel farage 's comments on virus .
hayley defied odds to live 4 years longer than expected and died yesterday .
admits she is to blame but does not feel bad about # 100 , 000 nhs care bill .
he 's been living in a hut deep in the woods a half-hour walk from campus since september .
he hopes living in the hut will help him better understand henry david thoreau and ralph waldo emerson .
one is ` relative of hammaad munshi , who joined islamic cell aged just 15 '
as for enemies , she never again spoke to jackie kennedy 's sister lee radziwill after she refused to defend truman capote and called him a ` f * * '
she counts elizabeth taylor , elaine stritch , former texas governor ann richard and bette midler as her closest friends .
trawler was carrying 132 crew members when it sank in sea of okhotsk .
fishing boats in the area have helped emergency services with rescue .
beetle larvae burrow inside the castle 's wooden beams and threaten its structural integrity .
cameron promised a # 2million return for an investment to dying man .
the couple rented a photo booth for the wedding and the bride 's sister noticed the racial slur but chose not to tell the couple on their special day .
the couple allegedly called james evans of premiere photos but he issued no apology and that is when they decided to sue .
baby boy malakai suffers rare medical condition pallister killian syndrome .
while some execs saw his lying as ` quirks'of his personality , the tales left brokaw ` incensed'and he ultimately did n't support williams in february .
she moved to provo a month ago after completing mormon mission to mexico .
pippa is said to have bought the baby a supply of biodegradable nappies .
it also said it is likely dogs have been neglected over an extended period of time due to their poor condition .
sir richard held parties at the chapel and was a regular at village shop .
gary lincoln , 48 , from wales severed hand using an electric angle cutter .
ms comfort 's body was found in a cupboard in her flat by relatives .
the australian government has committed $ 5 million in aid to help nepal .
police stopped the the car on suspicion of having a ` leaky flux capacitor '
he was told to serve a minimum sentence of 15 years for horrific abuse .
agent 's stolen backpack and gear bags were recovered at a nearby hotel , but the gun has not been found .
police believe thief tied a rope around the case and used another car to break the handle off by ripping the case through the car 's window .
cassie miller accidentally ran the child over in the driveway of her home .
rowyn 's mom , brynn johnson , forgave miller , knowing it was an accident .
also alleged that he brought tara reid to company-funded events , where she'em barrassed'members of staff by posting raunchy shots online .
other alleged expenditure includes florida vacation which cost $ 17 , 491 .
he beat mother-of-four emma spitzer and tony rodd , 33 , from london .
cameron points to party record of past female and jewish prime ministers .
he will set out targets for ethnic minority recruitment in bid to woo voters .
she was shot by two men on a motorcycle while idling at a traffic light .
former edl organiser gary field was spotted at a ukip event in kent .
one labour canvasser said that mr field sprayed her with deodorant .
new video features an australian doctor called abu yusuf al-australi .
she has told friends that if they kill andrew , ` what hope is there'for herself .
while researchers did not identify the vendor , google search points to verifone , which said its devices in the field come with password ` z66831 '
the girl was given fake id and a job but garcia prevented her from fleeing and assaulted her and later married her and fathered a daughter with her .
isidro garcia , 41 , will stand trial for allegedly raping , kidnapping , then marrying the 15-year-old daughter of his live-in girlfriend .
police found wilson 's body in needmore , more than 20 miles from campus .
a missing persons report regarding the gamma phi beta sorority member was filed friday afternoon .
since then she 's received a combination of hate and kindness from mothers , people in the sex industry and those aspiring to be sex workers .
gulf state 's royal family also planning their own british palace-converting three properties into a # 200m mansion .
minister for communications malcolm turnbull called the comments ` inappropriate'and ` despicable'and called for their condemnation .
gosling 's family said o 'shaughnessy was controlling and was afraid gosling would leave him for her husband , who she was separated from .
philipp lahm and bastian schweinsteiger are both in their 30s .
sammer insists the bundesliga giants must blood ` new generation '
novoseltsev 's fc rostov team-mates were on hand to congratulate him .
afobe has scored 31 times this season , one more than harry kane .
peggy was given to a paranormal investigator by her terrified former owner .
charlene was glamorous in navy as she handed over the gong in monaco .
zinedine zidane is confident french side can win and progress .
mother and cubs had been spotted eating from trash cans in anchorage .
plans are being made for bear-proof trash cans to stop situation repeating .
david worrall scored a 74th-minute free-kick after a foul by adam el-abd .
arsenal fan luke bryant confronted arsene wenger during 2-0 defeat .
he was also ordered to pay # 200 court costs and fined # 500 .
caroline wozniacki will compete at the french open , which begins may 25 .
ruby walsh acted as flag man to warn riders to avoid the horse .
the 31-year-old was advised to on medical grounds following'a number of concussive episodes'in recent seasons .
bosch 's last-minute penalty at racing metro sent sarries through .
argentina international marcelo bosch joined saracens in october 2013 .
french side aiming to make amends for last year 's exit at same stage .
the sevens star signed a full-time deal with the aviva premiership club .
liam livingstone hit 34 fours and 27 sixes 138-ball innings of 350 .
his nantwich town made 579 for seven from their 45 overs against caldy .
it is the first double hundred of hales'career passing previous best of 184 .
mark selby leads kurt maflin 6-3 and needs only four more frames to win .
jimmy white told sportsmail maflin can beat anyone on his day .
mark selby plays kurt maflin in first round of the world championnship .
michael phelps won his first race back following six-month suspension .
boro scored two first-half screamers to lead 3-1 through lewis maloney and yanic wildschut before daniel crowley scored on the hour mark .
steve bruce admits hull need to pull off ` crazy results'to avoid the drop .
leicester have recorded three consecutive premier league wins .
john carver has won just two games in 14 since taking over the side .
but monk believes that allardyce is a perfect fit at upton park .
the 60-year-old businessman will face questions over his 41 south african tax law convictions and previous ibrox involvement .
fans could turn to social media using new live video streaming apps such as periscope and meerkat to watch the fight illegally for free .
o 'sullivan was warned about his behaviour after obscene hand gesture .
but , he found himself in a spot of bother with referee olivier marteel .
arsenal legend thierry henry says ` wenger has to strengthe n'the gunners .
thierry henry : arsenal ca n't win title with olivier giroud in attack .
the 39-year-old played one frame in socks due to ankle discomfort .
april 23 is st george 's day-the national saint 's day of england .
rio ferdinand and gary cahill were among the other players celebrating .
manchester united lost 3-0 at everton in the premier league on sunday .
manchester united lost 3-0 by everton at goodison park on sunday .
cristiano ronaldo 's practice shot flies into the crowd hitting young fan .
click here to see who ronaldo will be facing in the champions league .
ronaldo shows concern but continues his warm-up until the final drill .
chelsea edged closer to the premier league title after a 0-0 draw with arsenal on sunday .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 at the allianz arena on tuesday night .
wayne rooney limped off in closing stages , replaced by robin van persie .
pep guardiola wore # justiciaparatopo top in press conference on monday .
spurs striker beat off competition from david de gea and raheem sterling .
chelsea were n't awarded a penalty for david ospina 's clash with oscar .
jockey blake shinn lost his pants while riding down the home straight .
the man , known only as jason , is filmed popping the ganglion on his wrist .
bayern munich boss pep guardiola ripped a hole in his trouser leg .
daniel sturridge 's calf and thigh injuries show no sign of relenting .
the 31-year-old beat anthony dirrell via a points decision on friday night .
george groves will fight badou jack as his mandatory challenger next .
wembley loss means steven gerrard 's liverpool career ends in anti-climax .
rodgers still believes players like memphis depay would move to the club .
steven thompson threw a pole towards mcginn after losing possession .
st mirren captain is believed to have given his goal bonus to mcginn .
the world record holder began at the front of the mass start .
fans'group spirit of shankly want some of the money in the game to be passed back to the fans .
liverpool fans are being charged # 50 for a ticket to hull city , compared to everton fans being charged # 35 .
israel and the united states opposed the move , which could open the door to war crimes investigations against israelis .
`` she 's a true miracle dog and she deserves a good life ,'' says sara mellado , who is looking for a home for theia .
in a petition for a restraining order , getty had written he had a serious medical condition .
once a super typhoon , maysak is now a tropical storm with 70 mph winds .
`` furious 7'' pays tribute to star paul walker , who died during filming .
london 's metropolitan police say the man was arrested at luton airport after landing on a flight from istanbul .
he 's been charged with terror offenses allegedly committed since the start of november .
in response to lawsuit , ncaa says it does n't control quality of education for student-athletes .
overhead bins , head rests and air sick bags feature characters from cartoon network .
a test in kansas finds listeria in a blue bell ice cream cup .
the company announces it is temporarily shutting a plant to check for the source .
celebrity politician and former wrestler antonio inoki had posed a question concerning extraterrestrials to a government committee .
a man killed in a raid in the philippines in january was a `` most wanted'' terrorist , the fbi says .
georgia powers : rand paul , running for president , would like minorities to think he 's an advocate . his record on rights shows otherwise .
felix went missing somewhere at john f . kennedy international airport , airline says .
couple spends $ 1 , 200 to ship their cat , felix , on a flight from the united arab emirates .
fan favorite series `` arrested development'' to return for a fifth season , according to producer .
prosecutors formally charged former top official zhou yongkang .
the fire on a platform in the gulf of mexico has been extinguished , pemex says .
utility commission to force pacific gas & electric co . to make infrastructure improvements .
dysart had many tv and film roles , including spots in `` being there'' and `` the thing''
anthony ray hinton goes free friday , decades after conviction for two murders .
the song is dense with symbolism ; mclean says lyrics , notes will reveal meaning .
venezuelan president says united states moved to oust him ; he has the support of the cuban foreign minister .
scott 's family did not attend his visitation ; they need privacy , mayor says .
u . s . official think iranian plane may have been under orders of local commander .
barrientos pleaded not guilty friday to misdemeanor charges .
state troopers say they found methamphetamine and marijuana on a bus carrying nelly and five others .
ncaa president says she `` achieved a lasting and meaningful legacy''
prosecutor : carlos colina , 32 , will be arraigned on the murder charge next week .
ryan gosling 's directorial debut , `` lost river'' , is set in the city of detroit .
elizabeth sedway posted to video to facebook showing her removal from a plane .
modified vaccine which includes these two strains is coming to australia .
the dark tower is an 8-part novel series written between 1970 and 2012 .
santamaria-williams claims three teenage girl beat her outside the theater after she shushed the girls because they were loud .
marilyn zuniga , third grade teacher at forest street school in orange , new jersey , suspended without pay .
in december , smith-walker was arrested for allegedly dragging a mall security officer with her car after he tried to stop her for shoplifting .
stefan , 18 , says his mother 's hard work inspired him to achieve his goals .
mr miliband reacted with fury , stating david cameron should be ` ashamed '
78 , 000 sign petition to demand removal of spikes in leeds city centre .
left her friends and went back to a man 's house in the kelvindale area .
he says he is now single after splitting from his latest pregnant girlfriend .
he told police he has no idea why he is in poland or how he got there .
30 minutes later ambulance was called to station to take him to the hospital .
he was loaded into a transport van and put in restraints on way to station .
freddie gray , 27 , died sunday a week after his arrest at the gilmor homes .
they used footage of jay pharoah when promoting michael che interview .
oliver 's travels offers a mile low package on its submarine , complete with chef and butler for # 175 , 000 a night .
page told ginneti her ` sexual hunger'had devastating consequences for two families .
graeme finlay allegedly attacked ronald and june phillips on a cruise ship .
jack russell and staffordshire bull terrier were trapped in house .
pair are close friends and jourdan walked in naomi 's charity fashion show .
admitted trying to buy the deadly toxin after appearing at manchester youth court .
jia huaijin aspires to bring back 2 , 000-year-old sword making technique .
35 people died and 125 were injured after the suicide bomber detonated an explosive-laden motorbike .
nine combat vessels are monitoring iranian vessels suspected of carrying weapons to houthi rebels in the country .
clarkson , 55 , had cancer scare two days before assaulting oisin tymon .
firefighters were called to st mary 's , dandenong , at 2am on april 1 .
he was dragged along path with blood pouring from his face and mouth .
police will contact authorities in holland for a background check on accused killer , vincent stanford , who was charged with murder .
he says it is difficult to be surrounded by reminders of her wedding whilst cruelly planning for a funeral .
negoitations promptly ended in may 2013 when his company unexpectedly yielded its first profit and he no longer needed the finanical support .
linda mclean was in her elementary school classroom in tiny halfway , oregon in 2013 when she was surprised by a man in a mask with a gun .
his friend finished the bumper brynarsky was working on and wrote an inscription on the inside of it before putting it back on the car .
jamal kiyemba , arrested over killing of uganda 's top female prosecutor .
locals thought she was responsible because she wanted to give baby a proper grave , she says .
the 43-year-old travelled to houston , texas , to meet with weight loss expert dr younan nowzaradan , but faced death after a blood clot moved to her lungs .
among thousands of african immigrants who have fled home amid attacks .
child climbed under a temporary bike rack along pennsylvania avenue causing lockdown on sunday afternoon .
real estate developer second husband was suffocating and she reacted with tiny tantrums .
marc gasol of the memphis grizzlies was heading back to the locker room when he stopped to talk and give the child a high-five .
last year grizzlies player zach randolph left the bench during the fourth quarter of a game to talk to the same boy and give him his warm-up shirt .
as he left the biggest smile spread across the young fan 's face .
the pair met in real life and although it was ` freaky ' , they got on very well .
customer witnessed dog being butchered at lo yen city restaurant .
homeless woman holly leonard used a free google phone to rent a flat .
sponge bobby was found with breathing difficulties in november .
hit head on chair when he fell at previous bail hearing in los angeles .
knight , 49 , charged with murder and attempted murder for january incident .
to prove their worth and build a reputation , european fighters treat their prisoners with shocking cruelty and sadism .
colleen harris was charged in the 1985 shotgun killing of then-husband , james batten . she was acquitted on self-defense .
celebrity cruises said in a statement that over-the-counter medication was administered on board .
father-of-four gavin thorman , 36 , was kingpin of a violent drugs gang .
patrick tynan , 23 , of alconbury walk , blackley , manchester , guilty to supplying cocaine and cannabis-four years .
rand fans will find the usual array of yard signs and bumper stickers-but they'll also be able to sport their support with more unique items .
includes clarisonic brush , hairbrush from her own range and rose water .
blake was operating the vehicle and his friend was sitting on the back when the 5-year-old lost control .
prince william had been expected to work as pilot until the end of april .
william using unpaid leave and paternity leave to stay off work until june 1 .
university of cape town voted to remove the statue from the campus .
tim tebow is expected to sign with the team monday , in time to participate in the entire off-season program , reports say .
since then he 's been a college football commentator on sec network .
ukip leader admits support for his party has ` slipped back'in recent weeks .
bradford brewery tweeted george galloway asking if he was ` still a thing '
powers died april 6 at his home in new bedford , massachusetts at the age of 64 . his family have not revealed the cause of death .
tsarnaev , 21 , was found guilty wednesday on all 30 charges related to the 2013 boston marathon bombing .
warren also spoke about current party issues-but refused to compare her politics to those of likely presidential candidate hillary clinton .
marshall county in illinois requests money from resigned rep aaron schock .
lavish lifestyle questioned after $ 40 , 000 spent for ` downtown abbey'office .
politician , played by kate mckinnon , tries to record a personable announcement video on her cellphone .
sensitive medical details about sick and vulnerable people-- including those with bladder problems , arthritis and high blood pressure-- were being sold for 19p ; .
an online pharmacy had sold without proper consent the details of nhs patients using its site to order prescriptions ; .
brave souls can hang over the edge of toronto 's cn tower , which stands 1 , 815 ft tall .
couple listed bear for # 20 , 000 on ebay and hope to raise money for house deposit .
man set to walk free from jail just three years after caught drink-driving .
` taylor was a beautiful and courageous girl , and all she wanted was acceptance , 'said the resource center in a statement .
ms steckenreuter would be the first australian with her cancer to trial drug .
while hiding from police , he taunted them by posting photos on facebook .
spokesperson today said she ` hopes the supreme court will come down on the side of same-sex couples being guaranteed that constitutional right '
flew undetected from an undisclosed location near to washington d . c and landed at 2pm .
indeed , the consulting and accounting firm ey plans to hire 9 , 000 graduates from u . s . universities this year , up from 7 , 500 in 2014 .
todd larson , 55 , of taylorsville , utah claims delta a1 aircraft flew over his home dropping ice chunk smashing his dodge challenger 's windshield .
cabin encircled by 141 , 000 acres of forest and can be lived in all-year round .
it claims rolling out # 9 . 15 an hour wage would reduce benefits by # 6billion .
cctv showed bygraves , 29 , taking the pensioner 's wallet containing # 5 .
jurors were shown videotaped police interview with hubers , where she claimed she shot poston in self-defense .
after being saved by hikers who saw their sos signals , they were taken to near town and met honduras president who flew couple to mexico .
the men then pushed the sailboat to shore , cut the sail and took supplies .
his defence lawyer said he hit out ` blindly'and did n't see his punch connect .
mcelroy appeared on the popular game show in 2010 with then-host meredith vieira but lost the game after reaching just $ 12 , 500 .
the men escaped with one staff member 's mobile phone but no cash .
fredric brandt had been suicidally depressed for 10 days before he took his own life .
hupert was staying with the cosmetic surgeon on doctors orders to monitor brandt 's suicidal tendencies .
alleged victim vomited in the bathroom and his would-be colleagues stole his clothes .
the five firefighters apparently ` yelled with excitement'during the january 20 incident and switched from broom to sausage .
local man ran onto catwalk as designer kym ellery took her bow .
california 's loo version was built by prop makers using plywood .
ex-convict and ` skinhead'giroux is a member of white supremacy group .
photographer florian seidel visited the creepy location to photograph the park 's ongoing dereliction .
shot her in the back of the head as she stood outside a party with friends .
the little greek island of skopelos is known as the setting for mamma mia .
tommy sheldon , aged five , died following horrific car fire in august 2014 .
the company has denied the allegations , citing court rulings , an ftc investigation and a harvard study as validation of their business practices .
he said in a statement that his show provides ` multiple points of view ' , including his , ` which is offered without conflict of interest '
his father mark shared a photo of his bare chest on facebook in the hopes of boosting his confidence .
carter gentle , from farmington , maine , cried over the appearance of his ` ugly 'scars after having his fifth open-heart surgery .
woman came forward after another former student wrote an online essay accusing koetters of acting inappropriately toward her .
sam says he does not mind missing the prize , and though he is a little ` irritated'he thinks the best idea if for espn to reward him with an xbox .
the sixth grader also shared one of his bracket tips ; ` just pick the team that you like and pick whoever you want '
the glamorous model has been in jail since march 14 and was been denied bail .
his 8-months pregnant wife jamie and mom karen visited him on friday .
princess , 25 , spotted in bowler hat on streets of new york .
msimang slammed tony abbott for cutting funds to remote communities .
writer sisonke msimang said australians are being racist by denying there are no differences between races .
clinton 's signature black customized van was parked in a spot reserved for the disabled in council bluffs , iowa .
meeting inside cafe lasted 90 minutes and was reportedly so sensitive that democratic party insiders were told to hand over cameras and cell phones .
at 13 , laura scurr went on a diet which would turn into a scary obsession .
laura developed anorexia and would survive on one piece of fruit a day .
battilana , 22 , did n't cooperate with police for four days after allegation .
born two weeks after biggest ever lamb born in wales , weighing 24lbs .
even attempted suicide , but has fortunately made a full recovery .
had a fever for two weeks then psychosis :'i went completely bonkers '
snp leader refuses to rule out calling for another vote on independence .
but the move will raise questions over the future of the tv licence fee .
bbc is aiming to compete with internet services which have captured younger generation of viewers .
analyst claims snowden under orders not to speak out against russia .
this is where there is a lesion in the part of the brain that controls speech .
condition usually caused by a blow to the head , stroke or a tumour .
clarkson also mistook a male bidder for a female during charity gig .
26-year-old from droitwich watches horror films for inspiration .
alice barker danced in legendary apollo and zanzibar clubs during the 1930s harlem renaissance , as well as movies , tv and commercials .
says he has no plans to quit , and could go on until the 2030 election .
warned the tory leadership has lost control of the party , and is in hock to right wingers who want to bring back the death penalty , ban the burka and slash the state .
insisted the majority of people do not agree so the ` odious'and ` divisive'rhetoric of the far right and ukip .
lib dems are ` in tune'with public , but struggling to turn into votes .
condemns farage for comments on migrants and ` half black'candidates .
robert preston boardwine had envisioned an active role in child 's life .
mother , joyce rosemary bruce , only wanted him to be'a friend '
australian securities and investments commission took action against the supermarket last year after it failed to notify customers of surcharge .
steve spowart rescued his friend 's horses stranded in deep storm water by paddling out to them on a surfboard .
the trussell trust counted the number of people visiting its 445 branches .
hatfield was rushed to a tampa hospital in critical condition but has since improved and he 's expected to recover .
lawyers are fighting to stop iranian child being sent back to nauru .
samantha rawcliffe , lost control of her body and crashed her car last may .
manchester united dominate twitter followers in asia while chelsea are strong in south america .
songs , which have included police sirens , last for about a month , but for years he has heard a bugle call that could be linked to his time in vietnam .
matthew riches allegedly spiked a woman 's drink with the drug mdma .
he gives himself up without a struggle and his taken away by police .
former secretary of state landed tuesday night at washington reagan national airport after a first-class flight from boston .
clinton stared ahead wordlessly , walked and did n't acknowledge questions as daily mail online asked whether she had made mistakes in benghazi .
said she believes britons are more ` openly accepting of people like her '
the daredevil , 52 , ` was speeding in an suv when he rear-ended a car and set off a chain-reaction crash involving two other vehicles on tuesday '
incident caused tailbacks as police and the farmer recovered the vehicle .
sheepdog leaned on controls of tractor taking it from a field on to the road .
pair , from crawley , west sussex , say they have proved their critics wrong .
bbc2 's kim shillinglaw says clarkson ` will be back'because there is ` no ban on jeremy being on the bbc '
ms shillinglaw said females were being considered to take clarkson 's post .
also said top gear scenes filmed before sacking would be aired in summer .
the whole pantry founder 's empire is in tatters .
graeme finlay allegedly attacked ronald and june phillips on a cruise ship .
low battery life , no gps and lack of water-proofing are among its turn-offs .
allan donald served as south africa bowling coach since 2011 .
sarah weatherill , 31 , spent # 5 , 460 every year on the popular energy drink .
death row records mogul appealed to reduce $ 10m bail , was denied .
his pickup then backs up after a struggle and runs over sloan 's leg .
wolves hopes of championship promotion remain after defeat of wigan .
latics substitute martyn waghorn was sent off for senseless kick .
she fell down a set of steep stairs and struck her head on the stone wall .
victim 's family sued the tourist and attempted to stop her from leaving .
manchester united to field offers of # 10million for 26-year-old hernandez .
he was stopped by police after first crash involving mother and toddler but was let go with a ticket .
accused of killing 6-year-old joshua medrano , injuring his mother , mowing down 61-year-old leonard batiste and slamming into into another vehicle .
former 2day fm host mel greig penned an open note to the media .
the ` dark destroyer 'shows he still has what it takes with a series of hits .
micah richards'manchester city contract ends this summer .
teen sensation martin odegaard posed for a picture with the former striker .
jose mourinho under fire after chelsea only have 30 per cent possession in saturday 's 1-0 win over manchester united at stamford bridge .
celtic lost their scottish cup semi-final to inverness caledonian thistle .
gareth bale , memphis depay , mats hummels and nathaniel clyne on list .
teana walsh , assistant prosecutor in wayne county , michigan , wrote facebook post .
gray 's spine was somehow severed while in police custody on april 12 .
bedridden woman taken to hospital by ambulance with ` severe infection '
he is seen standing in front of weapons of war and burning buildings .
on wednesday wellington district court heard of his teeth ` fascination '
the former treasurer singled out joe hockey 's proposed new bank tax and josh frydenberg 's push for revenue from multinationals .
peter costello slammed government pledge for ` lower , simpler , fairer'taxes .
toya graham , a single mother-of-six , said she ` just lost it'when she saw her 16-year-old son michael at monday 's riots carrying a rock .
officials from iran claimed they seized maersk tigris under a legal order following a long running legal dispute with the shipping company .
also revealed a larger model which is a ` infinitely scalable system '
cook scored an encouraging 76 before playing a wide ball onto his stumps .
twiggy has unveiled her colourful summer range for high street giant .
root 's 182 * in the first innings in grenada showed he is a steely competitor .
he scoops out the blood clot and sews up the wound with items in his kit .
police have said johnson aggressively grabbed the teen around the neck .
woman charged with assault after attacking 16-year-old mcdonald 's worker .
johnson ordered new ones and grew angry , going inside the store .
tramond peet , 18 , said he met howell in zion in order to sell him the firearm .
also a 200-year-old poetry book written by the shah of persia in 1812 .
swedish flat-pack firm sells one billion regular meatballs every year .
comedian ben elton told supporters he was now ` back with labour '
simona trasca , 34 , made a joke about cheap boob job on romanian tv .
council finally rules that the hedge can stay-but must be cut back to 20ft .
marc benioff announced wednesday he was helping remove salesforce employees from indiana after numerous had complained to him .
lawmakers said friday morning they had amended the religious freedom restoration act so no one will ` be able to discriminate against anyone '
said earlier he was reducing investments in the state and stopping all work-related travel and events .
asma fahmi and her family had hard boiled easter eggs pelted at them .
she'll be confined to a wheelchair and has no feeling below belly button .
the 27-year-old mother was rushed to brisbane hospital in february .
genomes of 83 people found 5 genes linked with diet and skin changes .
the 33-year-old made the announcement on monday morning 's show .
nicola sturgeon alleged to have made comments to french ambassador .
allows users to send and record gifs inside messenger app .
council plans do n't mention the helston amusement flambards .
successful completion of the 17-week guarantees scot 's college students a place in a number of undergraduate courses , including law .
the musician is not expected to perform in the show late this year .
in february the sicilian mafia fugitive lost battle against extradition to italy .
autistic teenager kimberly greenberg went missing more than a week ago .
bushes divide his home in warwickshire from college 's 1 , 200-acre plot .
cynthia lennon , nee powell , married john lennon after they met at college .
gp referred noreen for a mammogram which revealed three tumours .
video reportedly shows him strangling victim using a rope tied to a pulley .
guenzel then buried the body parts in the garden of his bed and breakfast .
a third recalled listening as bill and hillary fought during the monica lewinsky saga , with hillary once calling him a ` g * ddamn b * stard '
another staff member said he was fired after he helped former first lady barbara bush with her computer because clintons feared he was gossiping .
six in ten full-time working brits are too ` busy'to clean their homes .
hayley adams , 29 , admitted stealing # 65 from william tanner 's bedroom .
mother to mr tanner 's great-grandchildren was caught on cctv device .
archbishop of canterbury justin welby hail victims of kenya university massacre as martyrs .
but it 's yet to confirm whether richard hammond or james may will return .
zoo officials said rama 's leg was hurt in 1990 , when older female elephants shoved him out of the herd and he went into a moat .
600 fewer gps open in the evenings and at weekends , labour has claimed .
the driver , 16 , of arizona who has not been identified was saved from full weight of car landing on her due to depression in roof of car .
some cost more than their retail value , others list grossly inaccurate costs .
ferme de montagne is a boutique , chalet-style hotel in france .
ambermarie irving-elkins felt a few contractions on thursday morning but thought she had time to go to an la courthouse to pay a fine .
the star squandered his prize money after becoming addicted to ketamine .
17-month-old twins thought to have died with 80 other babies and children .
this just two days after a framework was agreed upon which would curb iran 's nuclear program and potentially lift economic sanctions .
tory leader uses interview to admit he had a ` privileged upbringing '
crimes occurred while his partner was out and son was asleep in bedroom .
no one has been arrested in duffy 's death and albany police said their investigation is continuing .
two terrorists from revolutionary people 's liberation front also killed .
his 25-year-old friend was also attacked when he tried to help mr gibbons .
leila alavi was found in dead in a car at a sydney shopping centre carpark .
the sister of murdered hairdresser said her sibling visited several women 's shelters every day but was refused a room .
the university said thursday that they have identified an undergraduate student responsible for hanging a noose from a campus tree .
stepfather wesley hadsell , 36 , was taken into custody late last month after allegedly breaking into a home and finding her jacket .
the children follow sound of a beeper in a plastic egg , trade it for candy .
bomb expert david hyche created the eggs when his daughter turned blind .
baronelle stutzman was fined $ 1 , 000 for refusing to provide flowers for a same-sex marriage in 2013 .
an inquest heard she had to be identified by her dna after parts found .
camden , new jersey , police lieutenant benito gonzalez , 46 , pleaded guilty to a lewdness charge after touching himself inappropriately in a starbucks .
gonzalez , who is suspended without pay , is fighting for his more than $ 60 , 000 pension , but county officials are pushing for his termination .
gonzalez says he does not remember the incident and claims it was the result of trauma from a near-death experience more than three years ago .
in opening statements wednesday , prosecutors said santana ` delighted'in the murder of fazio .
janet muller was found dead in a burning car in ifield , crawley , last month .
he was jailed for eight months but the couple plan to rekindle relationship .
but other children are n't so fortunate ; they they find themselves in and out the emergency room several times a year , he said .
he used way of the cross service to highlight persecution of christians .
danny eckhart , a reserve officer from st . tammany parish in louisiana , was arrested saturday and stripped of his commission .
st . tammany parish police say he was not on duty . he 's been charged with unauthorized use of a movable and operating a vehicle while intoxicated .
authorities say he drunkenly took a patrol boat out on the tchefuncte river then crashed it into t-river bar and restaurant .
his dating profile on plenty of fish is still active despite him being engaged .
the 56-year-old is set to marry for fourth time after meeting partner online .
stringer , who was put on leave , was ultimately not charged by prosecutors .
but teaching assistant fell and hit his head while climbing through window .
leza davies had a boob job as her chest sagged after breast feeding .
iona costello , 51 , and daughter emily went missing on march 30 .
court gives her suspended sentence and orders her to pay back # 18 , 000 .
anti-right to buy ms davison , is also a member of her local labour party .
seven of those nine said they knew little about her political baggage .
dartmouth is the only ivy league school in an early primary state , giving he school enormous influence and a recurring role hosting primary debates .
hundreds gathered to mourn the tragic death of the 26-year-old after she was murdered last week .
george osborne and the mayor have promised # 60 million in funds but opponents say the public wo n't have access .
teens and young adults from mexico use social media to show off wealth .
25-year-old was left brain damaged after doctors failed to administer vitamin k shortly after he was born at luton and dunstable hospital .
plans in case kate goes into labour while visiting parents or country estate .
robert durst was indicted wednesday on the two weapons charges that have kept him in new orleans .
durst , 71 , is wanted in california for the murder of his friend susan berman .
she explained that doctors initially failed to find the cancer but that it was discovered after she sought out a second opinion .
richard attenborough 's treasured possessions will go under the hammer .
booker arrested outside fort riley 's supposed ` secret gate'with car bomb .
james t . booker , 20 , of topeka , kansas , was arrested following fbi sting .
larsen 's house was also the setting for the final democratic women 's event that hillary attended in december 1991 before filing her husband 's paperwork to enter the new hampshire primary race .
a car plunged off a road into los angeles harbor on thursday , and two children pulled from the submerged vehicle were hospitalized .
carers told one woman she lived in a brothel , another she would be killed .
the 11-year-old was found in thick bushland 3km from the campsite in the fraser national park near lake eildon , north-east of melbourne .
police were hopeful they would find luke , who has ` high pain tolerance '
wear and tear on the suit made by viennese tailor helped experts identify goering as its owner .
video narrated by british jihadist fighter emerge from syrian frontline .
had no time to find babysitter for baby son , attley , so brought him along .
mr johnson said ed would damage uk more than he'd damaged his sibling .
current fbi director james comey and vermont senator patrick leahy say freeh severed a major artery in the crash .
officials spoke about the devastating single-vehicle crash in august for the first time last week .
eligah christian , 49 , was taken into custody friday after his unsuccessful bid to elude capture near sarah palin 's home of wasilla .
sharon 's attempt to give husband ` optical extra inch'had horrifying results .
smith said that people are ` lumping all of this other stuff that floyd mayweather allegedly has done ' , which sheds a bad light on him .
mr cameron said a tory victory was needed ` effectively to save britain '
will take part in london marathon on sunday but wo n't race competitively .
a woman at an ohio walmart says an officer forced her to sit in her car after she left her dog sitting in the parking lot april 12 .
customers with bookings offered full refund or trip somewhere else .
nepal expert at kuoni warns tourists to expect a ` frenzy ,'and that they wo n't be'a priority '
proctor was captured after a foot chase and was booked into a jail .
labour said the gaffe exposed mr cameron as a ` phoney'leader .
mr cameron insisted that he had supported aston villa his ` whole life '
witnesses claim the predator bit off the man 's leg and swam away with it .
the party 's deputy chairman wrote ukip 's general election manifesto .
but miss evans , seen as a rising star , played down his medical problems .
james holmes was once a doctoral student and neuroscientist-in-training .
product called a failure after it was never widely available to customers .
cause of death has not been determined but evidence indicates homicide .
22-year-old 's body found friday and identity confirmed with dental records .
chelsea bruck last seen on october 26 in frenchtown township , michigan .
he received more than 150 , 000 birthday cards and packages after requesting a ` box of cards'for his birthday last july .
more than 2 , 500 people are believed to have died in the devastating earthquake in nepal and neighbouring countries .
brenda burns has fled michigan to colorado to escape what she believes is unconstitutional oversight by the department of human services .
she claims she was violently slammed to the ground , where she was then left bloodied and unconscious , with several broken facial bones .
she is filing a civil lawsuit against bart and oakland , california , police who she says used excessive force during the arrest .
cleveland cavaliers are playing nba playoff game vs celtics on sunday .
putin said calls show contact between insurgents and us secret services .
english voters have grave concerns over nicola sturgeon 's power plan .
serge gnabry impressed for arsenal last season before suffering injury .
james wilson and jamie elliot scored for the saints but to no avail .
liverpool host newcastle in the premier league on monday evening .
philippe coutinho starred in liverpool 's premier league win on monday .
president massimo ferrero said balotelli is not hungry anymore .
the striker has scored just one premier league goal and is set for exit .
sampdoria want the italian but he would have to take a pay cut .
united topped a great run of form with a 4-2 win over manchester city .
liverpool face aston villa in the fa cup semi-final at wembley stadium .
the dundee midfielder has been ruled out of evening matches for his club .
clinton n'jie gave lyon the lead but max gradel equalised from the spot .
manny pacquiao continued his high intensity training with a mountain run .
chelsea-lrb-1 . 56-rrb-are second in the premier league in an alternative table .
19-year-old was one of five arrested in melbourne anti-terror operation .
aboriginal teenager arrested says police assaulted him while handcuffed .
she trained throughout her pregnancy with her first child , son cornelis .
andy lee was set to defend his middleweight title against peter quillin .
eddie hearn made offer to carl frampton live on television .
diego simeone admits he is surprised at the plight of premier league sides .
luke tingey and kyran wiltshire to spend time at united 's carrington hq .
real have not beaten atletico since last season 's champions league final .
diego simeone 's men have won four of their seven meetings this season .
arsenal target joe gomez is one of the most wanted british youngsters .
manchester city want more young english players and are arsenal 's biggest threat .
claims sir alex ferguson spoke to him before leaving in 2013 .
ferguson said him and ryan giggs would make great coaches one day .
fittingly , the famous trophy was taken on looping ride at alton towers .
it was accompanied by an arsenal and a reading fan ahead of the pair 's semi-final at wembley on saturday .
the atletico goalkeeper denied gareth bale and james rodriguez .
the crystal palace winger has been in fine form for the eagles .
wilfried zaha posted instagram photo of fifa 16 close-up shots .
carlos tevez has made it known he wants to return to argentina one day .
liz clark , 34 , was working as a bartender in her hometown of san diego , california .
but a professor suggested she use his boat to live out her dream and sail around the world .
floyd mayweather will fight manny pacquiao on may 2 in las vegas .
the manchester united winger cheered on shaun murphy in last eight .
arsenal winger theo walcott was joined by his team-mates for photoshoot .
marouane fellaini was substituted during manchester united 's 3-0 defeat against everton on sunday .
former manchester united manager explained why he rates real madrid superstar cristiano ronaldo above barcelona talisman lionel messi .
sir alex ferguson met up with john parrott for a frame of snooker as part of coverage of world championships .
the 16-year-old was on the bench for the la liga clash with almeria .
joe rothwell scored united 's second and third before half-time .
floyd mayweather faces manny pacquiao at the mgm grand arena in las vegas on may 2 .
recently retired jockey ap mccoy in attendance alongside the likes of england midfielder jack wilshere .
floyd mayweather is set to take on manny pacquiao on may 2 .
tickets for the fight at mgm grand have yet to go on sale .
jeans designer reportedly owes $ 126 , 594 in tax .
photographer jessica fulford-dobson took pictures of the girls at the skateistan facilities in kabul .
an internal inquiry is underway and the matter will be raised with pakistan .
jimmy white lost 10-8 to matthew selt in world championship qualifying .
chelsea are in their fifth final in six years and won in 2010 , 2012 and 2014 .
marc albrighton opens the scoring for leicester with neat finish in the area after a slip by cesar azpilicueta .
didier drogba equalises for chelsea just three minutes into the second half after an assist from branislav ivanovic .
mayweather 's victory against saul alvarez currently tops the list .
pacquiao could earn close to # 62m if the fight last 12 rounds .
the native american woman has been forced to use a different surname in order to regain access to her list of over 1 , 000 online friends .
reanne evans attempted to become first woman to qualify for crucible .
chelsea edged ever closer to the title with win against leicester city .
celtic face inverness in sunday 's scottish cup semi-final at hampden park .
john terry scored chelsea 's second in their win at the king power stadium .
celebrated artist ben quilty became their mentor and friend in 2002 .
griffiths has been a real success for the bhoys since-most notably scoring 14 goals in his last 17 games .
pacquiao spent his early years boxing in manila in the philippines and was pictured training as a 17-year-old .
she lost the first frame 71-15 against the 1997 world champion .
the babies then played more with the ball and car when given them later on .
mother says epileptic toddler ` has lost her best friend and is devastated '
this year 29 % of gp training places are unfilled , compared with 8 % in 2013 .
ashley doody attacked pet dog trixie on sunday after allegedly taking bath salts .
trixie was seriously wounded during the attack but is expected to survive .
he raped her 15-year-old daughter ` every few days'throughout 2013 so misty could have another child , she ` coached'them on the best positions .
both emirates and etihad say safety of passengers was not compromised .
qantas lounge 's ` smart casual'dress code is now being enforced by staff .
did not speak to alex stock or ryan duffin , who were portrayed poorly .
' i should n't have sat on death row for 30 years . all they had to do was test the gun ,'he said friday .
family of one of the murdered men issued reminder that hinton has not been found ` innocent '
ray hinton was convicted of two brutal 1985 killings based on a gun that was found at his house .
the us supreme court granted him a new trial because the gun was never definitively matched to the bullets found at the crime scenes .
she made small talk with foreign call handler during short exchange .
has gone into quarantine for four months and then hopes to be re-homed .
the ` fracas 'started when mr clarkson was told he could n't get a steak at yorkshire hotel after a day 's filming .
officers have now announced that mr clarkson will not face prosecution .
kevin perz , 56 , owns a construction equipment business in kansas city .
he has spent time over the years tracking down high school teachers and sending them checks to thank them for making an impression on him .
detective whiteside said that due to inquiries it is regarded as suspicious .
mccombs said that when day confessed to he and his former roommate roger musick that musick said he wanted to kill day .
canadian-born designer tanya heath , wanted to create a comfortable heel .
button inside shoe releases the interchangeable heel and also locks it in .
he was victim of unprovoked attack in town centre after returning to uk .
comedienne mindy kaling , 35 , says she did not know about her brother 's decision to apply to medical school posing as an african american .
vijay chokal-ingam , 38 , claims he pretended to be a black man and was accepted into the st . louis university school of medicine in 1998 .
she suffered a penetrative injury to her vagina and blows to her stomach .
so , they purchased a 1986 hino flatbed truck and started building a home on the back of it over the course of about a year and a half .
they then purchased a secluded piece of property and drove their nearly self-sufficient $ 25 , 000 home there .
the ashton canal became filled with heavy suds due to a 6ft wall of foam created by fire crews tackling a blaze .
act education minister joy burch said words can not describe the horror .
couple from of braunton , devon , had mazy , born three years ago .
falcao has managed just four goals in 19 premier league appearances .
liverpool manager said raheem sterling is ` going nowhere'this summer .
brendan rodgers said club are a ` superpower'and do n't have to sell stars .
thiago alcantara had n't played for bayern munich since march 2014 .
midfielder plays 10 minutes in 1-0 victory against borussia dortmund .
ben jones-bishop and carl forster scored the other tries for the visitors .
salford sealed consecutive super league wins with victory at huddersfield .
goal was the tottenham winger 's third in seven games for england .
andros townsend scored england 's equaliser against italy on tuesday .
graziano pelle netted for italy , his second goal in just three caps .
italy and england drew 1-1 in a friendly at juventus stadium on tuesday .
an italian newspaper scored theo walcott five out 10 for his display .
she pepper sprayed him , called 911 , is in hospital recovering .
unidentified man seen on video stalking the bird for 20 minutes .
the site was chosen due to the wooded area surrounding it but in the following years the house fell into disrepair .
roberto mancini was shown door by city 12 months after first league title .
sumner , from wokingham , faces three-year ban for home and away games .
mesut ozil starred as germany beat georgia 2-0 in euro 2016 qualifier .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on monday night .
sportsmail 's jamie carragher : ` the rest of them are desperate to be hit with the ball in the face and it 's poor from yaya toure '
dyke has now given the watch back with all 65 to be donated to charity .
65 parmigiani watches given to fifa delegates at world cup in brazil .
greg dyke did not give his back as he wanted to auction it for charity .
tyler walker came off the bench to score his first goal against brentford .
ulcer was millimeters away from blinding her and left her partially blind .
lucy garrod woke up and felt her eye was very sore and swollen .
flakes of snow become bigger as visibility reduces drastically .
tim sherwood and chris ramsey worked together at tottenham last year .
tomas berdych beat juan monaco 6-3 , 6-4 in the miami open last-eight .
craig dawson to serve ban following gareth mcauley 's incorrect red card .
west ham are currently top of the fair play rankings in the premier league .
should they finish there at the end of the season , they could qualify for the europa league next term .
victim 's brothers said they hope he suffers in prison and is the ` devil '
nicholas needs his online petition to earn 100 , 000 signatures for his wife to relent .
vuozzo , from prince edward island , said the sentence had ` haunted'him .
jessica bialek found ` safe and well'after vanishing 36 hours earlier .
she was walking to the bank in coogee , south-eastern sydney .
st . louis blues forward ryan reaves was checked into the glass on sunday by chicago blackhawks defenseman brent seabrook .
organization deemed name inappropriate and replaced it with name ivette .
speaking out on monday , mr hughes called the journey'a huge thrill'and said he never feared he'd be shot down .
weight-loss surgery followed and now julia weighs just 11 stone .
it shows 76 years of ufo sightings all over the world , with more being spotted in recent years .
then set fire to the family home in an attempt to kill his older brother josh .
dame judi dench signs petition calling for end to cruel bear bile trade .
however , jess was diagnosed with leukemia two weeks after buying the tickets last october .
ship owned by king kamehameha ii , the second king of hawaii , sank off the coast of kauai in april 1824 .
sir david nicholson warned labour about failing to match tory nhs pledge .
vili fualaau lamented that he did n't have the right support as a young father of two girls and detailed his history of depression .
she served a few months in jail and fell pregnant with his second child within weeks ; she was then sent back to prison for seven years .
in the next year he was shuttled between four different homes and four schools in florida before calling his old caseworker , connie bell going .
reporters snapped pics of the former secretary of state at a coffee shop in le claire , iowa .
he shouted ` give the saudi money back!'as clinton arrived at kirkwood community college-- referring to millions her family foundation accepted .
it arrived at her campaign stop tailed by a black humvee .
her armored campaign van , nicknamed ` scooby ,'has finally been photographed in the wilds of the american midwest after a 1 , 000-mile trip .
hillary clinton will visit the school on tuesday in the first semi-public event of her presidential campaign .
marisa curlen , a student at james madison university in virginia , was found unresponsive in her room at sorority house friday morning .
cristina coria 's husband 's truck was stolen from home in houston , texas .
set up a meeting with the seller and then stalled until police showed up .
moved to miami in late 2012 , where vass has been standing trial .
lured at least two young men to america via planet romeo dating site .
the map , created by yale university , reveals public opinion in all 50 states , 435 districts and 3 , 000 counties .
prime minister reveals 11-year-old daughter 's withering comparison .
zella jackson price of olivette , missiouri , gave birth to her baby 49 years ago .
basketball star was bundled to ground by six officers and arrested .
dr . sergio canavero says he is two years away from performing the first total human head transplant .
`` ukraine is looking forward to becoming a democratic country ,'' klitschko says .
anthony ray hinton was freed apri 3 , decades after conviction for two murders .
tom colicchio : `` the meatrix : relaunched'' is an important benchmark of the evolution of sustainable food movement .
michael keaton hosted `` saturday night live'' for the first time in 1982 .
sheriff : the correctional officer is in intensive care after being beaten , choked .
a group believed to be based in pakistan 's balochistan province claims responsibility .
road to crash site is almost finished , says mayor of le vernet , france .
the suspect is a 37-year-old arab from east jerusalem , israeli police say .
on thursday , gaza police seized the door , which had originally been sold for $ 175 u . s .
rabea darduna 's gaza home was destroyed last year ; he sold his door to bring in some money .
andres iniesta started on the bench as spain lost 2-0 to holland .
luke arbuckle shorted the jump and struck his head against the side of the ship , later being airlifted to a hospital where he was treated and released .
car owner feels dismayed as he bought the car not long ago .
video taken by following motorist captures van crashing down on its side .
hina shamim died after she was knocked down outside university library .
sumner , from wokingham , faces three-year ban for home and away games .
premier league still taking landlords to civil court using copyrights laws .
landlord was convicted and fined for showing albanian footage of games .
landlord has now had convicted overturned but has since lost his pub .
sumner , from wokingham , faces three-year ban for home and away games .
england in group d with holland , italy and republic of ireland .
northern ireland host romania next in june at windsor park .
brittany huber , 23 , was killed on impact when fiance john redman , 25 , lost control of his lexus in georgia april 28 , 2014 .
redman regained his ability to walk and resumed coaching at dalton state college .
lucas leiva is set for run in liverpool first team after groin injury .
the confederation of african football imposed the ban after morocco pulled out as hosts of the tournament two months from it starting .
mignolet posed for photos with pilots in the cockpit of the plane on the way back to england and posted them on his official facebook account .
he was an unused substitute in belgium 's euro 2016 qualifiers against cyprus and israel with chelsea 's thibaut courtois playing instead .
murray played for both rangers and hibs during his career .
dumbarton boss ian murray believes rangers'tough run-in could mean they miss out on second place in the scottish championship to hibernian .
it marked a return to turin for italy 's former juventus boss antonio conte .
infant 's extremities have been called ` pigs'trotters'by local reporters .
andrew caldwell , 21 , went viral in november after footage from a st . louis megachurch showed him screaming'i do n't like mens no more '
however the worker , stephanie diaz , said caldwell called her a ` dog '
at apo island , this green sea turtle unexpected appeared in group 's photo .
the area is a feeding ground and well-known marine protection site .
felt that he ` should n't go out'and had to order xxxxxl clothes .
jill saward , the first rape victim in england to waive her anonymity , has hit out at premier league outfit sunderland .
manchester united have agreed # 20 . 5 million fee with borussia dortmund .
20-time champion ap mccoy 's penultimate race will be with mr mole .
luckily no-one was seriously injured in crash which destroyed front of car .
school is steeped in tradition and maintains its historic link with sport of rugby on its playing fields and in museum .
olivier ntcham pulled a goal back for patrick vieira 's side but they lost out .
mourinho has hit back at wenger 's ` defensive'jibes ahead of sunday .
but mourinho was stunned by a cleverly worded question regarding his clashes with wenger and chelsea 's title bid .
jose mourinho was speaking ahead of chelsea 's visit to arsenal .
the scot pulled off a monumental victory to secure quarter-final place .
juventus are playing their first champions league semi-finals since 2003 .
rafa benitez 's napoli , who play dnipro , could set up an all-italian final .
joe root threw bat down in his anger when he was denied double century .
joe root scored 182 * but criticises lifeless pitch in grenada .
ben stokes'dad gerard tweets his approval of marlon samuels 'salute .
joe root moves to 2 , 000 test runs , faster than sachin tendulkar .
divock origi signed for liverpool last year but went back to lille on loan .
tyson gay had his ban reduced after helping authorities .
the wallabies pack was taken apart by england at twickenham last year .
derby defender 's youth loan extension was n't handled correctly .
however , ahead of the game at stamford bridge , mourinho was told by a hotel doorman that fellaini would not be playing .
toffees goalkeeper took part in training session at croxteth sports centre .
tim sherwood 's side face liverpool in fa cup clash at wembley stadium .
canadian star refuses to shake hands in pre-match press conferences .
the visitors were forced to play with 10 men at the bernabeu for the final 15 minutes with the game at 0-0 .
arturo vidal 's penalty in the first leg in torino proved enough to earn the italians a date with winner in madrid .
samantha fleming , 23 , and newborn daughter , serenity , were last seen at their home in anderson , indiana , on april 5 .
police believe a woman claiming to be a child protective services employee convinced fleming she had to attend a court hearing and kidnapped the two .
she even said she feared that michael wilkie would kill her .
casey said that he controlled aspects of her life and was physically abusive , particularly when she was pregnant .
michael wilkie was found guilty in january of first-degree murder in january for the 2012 killing of his third wife , shelby wilkie .
she said she never warned shelby wilkie , but told her she was there if she needed someone to talk to shortly before she disappeared .
a month ago , a former investor filed a lawsuit against cantu , accusing the chef of using moto 's bank account for personal expenses .
cantu worked for famed chicago chef charlie trotter for four years before opening his own restaurant , moto .
homaru cantu , 38 , was found dead inside his upcoming restaurant , crooked fork brewery , on tuesday .
owner chernae noonan stopped benefit cosmetics from using ` brow bar '
benefit are appealing the decision made by australian trade marks office .
ivan was born with rare disorder-ohtahara syndrome-and died aged six .
frank admission over pressure of trying to care for their disabled son ivan .
18-year-old jackson byrnes and his girlfriend jahnae jackson , 18 , are preparing for him to go under the knife on wednesday morning .
the risky operation will likely see him end up paralysed down his left side .
but jahnae found dr teo who would do the operation with upfront fee .
the couple turned to gofundme to raise the money for the urgent surgery .
if convicted of the child pornography charges he faces 20 years'jail .
harley renshaw has been given the all clear after battling cancer for a year .
a definitive family tree of hillary clinton reveals her welsh ancestors .
town of evansville in comanche county was the headquarters of largest cattle ranch in kansas 's history in 1880s .
distraught mother judy scott accompanied her son , who was shot dead last saturday .
fiery speech was given before a crowd of hundreds of mourners , and over scott 's casket , draped in a u . s . flag .
family said scott may have run because he owed $ 18 , 000 in child support , and that he routinely avoided police .
her blood alcohol content levels were 0 . 114 and 0 . 110 , police said .
believed trio are training with al-khansa brigade in isis stronghold raqqa .
rosannah gundry , 19 months old , was diagnosed with stage three neuroblastoma cancer in december last year .
sienna miller , 33 , is ` not a gym person'but loves yoga .
nick clegg 's lib dems are up three points to 12 per cent , equal with ukip .
this year more than 15 , 000 australians will attend overseas events commemorating the 100th anniversary of gallipoli .
the photo was taken on easter monday morning at sunrise in queensland .
leanna norris admitted killing her daughter loh grenada , 2 , in june 2013 .
ella dawson , 22 , a recent graduate of wesleyan is revealing her genital herpes status in an attempt to destigmatize the sti .
but police investigations uncover ` solid evidence'to make an arrest .
ayatollah khamenei said in a speech that ` sanctions must all be completely removed on the day of the agreement '
the letters made mumia ` chuckle and smile '
former black panther mumia abu-jamal was hospitalized at schuykill medical center in pennsylvania on april 2 after collapsing in prison .
the lawsuit was filed two weeks before the april 30 nfl draft , where winston is a top prospect .
the teen says she asked her grandfather to be her date because he never got to attend his own prom .
drain was 17 when he enlisted in the navy to serve in the korean war , so missed his own high school dance .
albertville , alabama high school junior joy webb , 17 , took her grandfather james drain , 80 , as her date to prom last saturday .
pair did not know each other during moody 's childhood .
it took an hour to rescue him using ropes and ladders .
video of little girl firing several rounds ` towards isis'has gone viral .
kurdish known for their female fighters-but isis known for using children .
he raped and sexually abused at least seven children , including a girl as young as five , authorities allege .
kat lee says her son was at an adelaide train station on saturday night .
the teenager suffered a broken jaw in 2 places and a fractured cheek bone .
also discovered the mechanic swearing and boasting about test driving the car .
since speaking about his situation , mutty said they were finally listening .
brandt was reportedly devastated by apparent parody character dr franff in hit netflix series unbreakable kimmy schmidt .
surgeon to the stars fredric brandt , 65 , hanged himself in his miami mansion on sunday .
had a $ 10m bounty on his head and was one of the us 's most wanted men .
he was one of saddam hussein 's most trusted henchmen in ba'ath party .
the firm lost # 37 . 3 million after revenues fell by a third over the past year .
tories will finish largest party but without enough allies to form a coalition .
boeing 737 cargo plane was carrying 10 tonnes of freight when it landed .
italian alex bellini will live atop an iceberg off the coast of north west greenland starting next year .
the capsule will contain supplies and equipment for his survival , and workout equipment to keep him fit .
voters wanted to know why david cameron did not take part in contest .
but it stalled within three hours of the mission and has to be abandoned .
a robot was sent into one of the nuclear reactors to inspect melted fuel .
the special versions feature an exclusive cover in addition to being hand-signed and numbered by the 34-year-old reality star .
he started telling her she was going to die and threatening her child .
he 's outraged at how friend and fellow dj paul gambaccini was treated .
sbs insight programme asks if sibling rivalry might lead to learning and mental health problems and whether family favouritism makes this worse .
the fire erupted just moments after he walked over it in the busy street .
doctors and nurses have criticised ashya 's parents in bbc documentary .
north korean leader climbed highest peak to speak to troops .
seconds later , mr heneker discovered the man was an ex-colleague .
mr heneker says he still struggles to cope with the fact he shot his friend .
he fell through the roof after friends dared him to jump on skylight and suffered horrific head injuries .
claims the oils aide him and have n't caused problems before .
report was released as family member of one of the six suspended police officers came forward to defend the cop .
the anonymous relatives says she believes gray was injured before he was put in the van , and that not all six officers are to blame .
gray was arrested on april 12 for carrying a switchblade and transported to the hospital shortly after arriving at jail .
nasa scientists in maryland are preparing for historic mission on 14 july .
russian president disappeared for 10 days last month with no explanation .
rezaian was taken from his tehran home on july 22 and was not permitted to hire a lawyer until last month .
craig and bonnie morgan are desperate to keep son craig at prep school .
reverend jonno williams says funeral will be held on wednesday .
` she was a very friendly and cheerful girl ,'reverend williams says .
a kardashian shopping on the street caused such a ruckus that traffic was stopped on the busy avenue and he thought ` how is this news? '
the seven signs around hollywood were erected this week by street artist plastic jesus .
the bouea macrophylla-- or mango plum-has been nicknamed the plango .
french ministers admitted scheme to introduce a homemade label failed .
jenkins was convicted of shooting dead four people in 10 days after he was released from prison in omaha , nebraska , in 2013 .
it is believed he may use the botched case as evidence he is mentally unstable and therefore ineligible to face the death penalty .
instead he has taken a job with uber to earn money to pay off his mortgage before he dies so his daughter and grandchildren can have his house .
he got close and pretended to accidentally rub his hand across her thigh .
valle insists throughout the film that he never intended to actually hurt anyone and says he just has dark fantasies .
` cannibal cop'gilberto valle stars in an hbo documentary called thought crimes which premiered on thursday at the tribeca film festival .
emma forbes , 49 , bought four-storey london mansion with husband .
came after she pruned neighbour 's tree that was hanging over her garden .
mr roberts was born with glaucoma and has 30 per cent vision in one eye .
mr erstad says the ` very rare phenomenon'happened in sweden in 1920s .
officer michael slager is being held at charleston county jail accused of murdering walter scott , shooting him eight times in the back .
however , dufresne is still awaiting an arraignment on charges for having a threesome with the same student and respess in a different parish .
in exchange , the charge of carnal knowledge of a child will be dropped after her probation and she wo n't have to register as a sex offender .
in a forgiving plea deal , dufresne will only have to attend a 90-day therapy program , stay away from the victim and turn in her teacher 's license .
the edition costs up # 1 , 100 more in the uk than it does in the us .
video shows shirtless man punching fellow motorist through car window .
it will be sold by an anonymous seller by bonhams in new york on monday .
29-year-old claims he was stranded by spanish driver miles outside the city .
tory mp ken clarke claims the party has become ` much too right-wing '
tory leader told to stop ` name-calling'and heckled by a busker .
her lawyer says she is a life-long mormon who turned to alcohol after her husband returned from iraq with ptsd and they divorced .
rachel lehnardt , 35 , ` allowed her 16-year-old daughter and her friends drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in her georgia home '
strike is set to begin at 5am tomorrow and continue for two days .
victim was $ 7 , 500 behind on child support when michael slager shot him .
minutes later officer slager shot him in the back in a nearby park .
the woman , who will be identified once she is charged , came forward on thursday night after the baby was found in a south carolina dumpster .
austin detray and his brother found the newborn in a plastic bag and said she was suffocating ; he also found the umbilical cord and placenta inside .
police were looking for the woman after the hours old infant was found in the dumpster struggling to breathe on thursday afternoon .
but as he tended to pensioner a warden slapped a ticket on his windscreen .
millionaire andrew bush , 48 , found dead shot dead at costa del sol villa .
siblings saved and three other people in the home escaped without injury .
smelled smoke when family 's clinton home caught fire sunday morning .
has been charged with menacing-he claims he will plead guilty .
was seen cutting off a car then screamed at the driver he was a ` moron '
cashed in money meant for college courses to pay for her flight .
faysal mohamed , 17 , pulled over along with two friends in minneapolis .
polkinghorne 's father can not understand why she killed his abusive son .
councillor joseph o'riordan found guilty of attempting to murder his wife .
london mayor to make a high profile joint appearance with david cameron .
online dating site allows married people to sign up and find affair partner .
white house says the two are due a ` substantive'conversation today .
brynarsky 's father john was working on a car in his body shop when he removed the bumper and found a message dedicated to his fallen son .
' i smiled at her after the verdict and just nodded my head , 'said hernendez of her interaction with lloyd at the trial .
the 20 , 000 square feet french country-style estate took five years to build .
the five bedroom , nine bathroom house features waterfront views , custom woodwork and lots of space for entertaining .
the giant mansion used to film the hit show empire is on the market for $ 13 million following a price drop .
fit for a mogul , the house is owned by strip club owner sam cecola .
michael carrick crowned the best passer to have played alongside him .
ronald koeman took over southampton last summer after mauricio pochettino left for tottenham .
koeman has praised his predecessor for the ` great job'he did on the south coast , although had to cope with a mass exodus of players when he arrived .
tottenham full-back kyle walker sustained a foot injury against burnley .
man city need homegrown players and qpr 's alex mccarthy could fit bill .
liverpool have made contact with dortmund over fee for ciro immobile .
ibe has impressed at liverpool since returning on loan from derby county .
raheem sterling was filmed inhaling laughing gas less than two weeks ago .
saido berahino was another england starlet filmed inhaling ` hippy crack '
qpr face west ham at loftus road on saturday .
les ferdinand believes he is the man for the job , according to ramsey .
john carver had a training ground bust-up with jonas gutierrez .
gutierrez will be in newcastle 's squad to face swansea on saturday .
floyd mayweather vs manny pacquiao : wbc unveil $ 1m emerald green belt .
they came to the fore in fp1 , finishing first and second respectively .
gloucester beat exeter 30-19 to book their place in the challenge cup final .
alastair cook 's side has n't won away from home since 2012 .
ben stokes was admonished by the umpire steve davis after a heated exchange with samuels in grenada .
the middlesex quick bowler has regained form after a tough 12 months .
steven finn was left out of the england squad for the west indies tour .
craig gardner doubled west brom 's lead with a 30 yard screamer in the second-half at selhurst park .
everton defender leighton baines plays the guitar and is a big music fan .
scottish international midfielder charlie adam scored late to secure stoke city comeback the britannia .
sunderland are interested in signing former chelsea and wigan forward franco di santo , who has recently hit form for werder bremen .
di santo is currently rated at # 8million by the bundesliga side .
pulis has insisted that his signature style will never change .
brendan rodgers was found guilty in his absence of ignoring a notice to improve a property he co-owns in accrington , lancashire .
app was inspired by the film the hangover starring bradley cooper .
attack happened while she was driving her car but had stopped in the road .
the man says he did basic training in north carolina but the young man says infantry training is conducted in fort benning , georgia not miami .
he 's confronted by a young man who asks a series of questions including where he did basic training and why he 's not wearing a name badge .
when mason later underwent surgery to have it taken out he got sick .
officials say he then threatened his 18-year-old son with 9mm handgun .
christopher eccleston 's turn was among shortest incarnations of dr who .
71 security boxes were raided over easter weekend in # 60m london heist .
dmitri kovtun claims alexander litvinenko was carrying around polonium without knowing it .
he was rescued by his parents before emergency responders arrived on the scene ; he suffered from minor bruises and bumps .
vice correspondent gianna toboni traveled to india to explore the country 's booming gestational surrogacy industry for the hbo series .
when she turned him down he became ` hostile'and forced her out of job .
audio recordings of kincannon verbally abusing his wife and threatening to make her ` very f * cking sorry'has since emerged .
denies injecting insulin and other poisons into bags of medicine on ward .
perkins , 45 , wrote : ` someone suggested they'd like to see me burn to death '
announced she 's leaving social media site and received support from fans .
yichuan senior high school officials said sitting exam outside would test the students'organizing capacity .
the child survived but suffers from serious burns .
wright was charged with attempted murder and in the past has been charged with prostitution , disorderly conduct , and domestic violence .
said army should be deployed to prevent asylum seekers arriving on land .
gold coast training queen ashy bines has apologised to her ` very upset followers'after error .
the exclusive , year-long program has now sold out , a spokeswoman told daily mail australia .
local resident nicole lavirriere has said of mavis'i think she 's like the norm of `` cheers'''
they took case to supreme court arguing eviction ` violated'human rights of 39 children living on the site .
locals say they have suffered due to ` neighbours from hell'for five years .
she was adopted by an australian family and has never known her birth mother .
jason rezaian faces trial for collaborating with ` hostile governments '
schoolboy should not be able to walk or talk but has defied the odds .
ed miliband called on the uk to take a ` fare share'of refugees fleeing africa .
goblin valley state park in the san rafael desert of utah contains thousands of mushroom-shaped ` hoodoos '
ranulfo perez was accused of aggressively hugging a 16-year-old girl and then ` forcibly'touching her breasts outside a toys r us store .
indian creek island road in miami , florida , came top , boasting four of forbes'500 richest men as homeowners .
court heard ` depressed'norris did n't want loh 's father dating other women .
recall affects packs of asda branded little angels 2 newborns soothers .
# thisdoesn ` tmeanyes captured images of 200 women across london .
set out plans for ` citizens income'paid to every adult in the country .
he lived in missouri , michigan and ohio before moving to egypt in 2012 .
he had lost 98 pounds during his hunger strike as of last year .
truck stopped by police this morning after travelling 200m across the uk .
the parents of the toddler released a heartfelt plea for his safe return .
in the netherlands , the country 's famed keukenhof gardens are open only from march 20 through may 17 .
heather mack , 19 , tells bali court she did not kill sheila von wiese-mack .
mack gave birth to baby stella schaefer last month in prison hospital .
nicola sturgeon took part in debate between leaders of scottish parties .
niall had been staying at a house in augusta for the us open and the washing machine there broke , so miss sokie was asked to help out .
she washed clothes and took picture of herself wearing horan 's polo top .
he was arrested in turkish border town with family , including four children .
but they now say discarded cigarette near the fire exit could have caused it .
lee allan bonneau , 6 , was attacked by a 10-year-old boy and beaten to death with a rock and a stick in august 2013 in saskatchewan , canada .
lee bonneau had been removed from his birth mother 's care two and a half months before the killing and placed with foster family .
richard engel was kidnapped in syria with his crew and held for five days .
his captors told group they were militants associated with bashar al-assad .
but new evidence suggests the kidnappers posed as government forces .
she opened fire with a shotgun while her mother ran to a neighbor 's house in huntsville , alabama and called 911 .
the crocodile was swimming through puerto vallarta marina , in mexico .
kim kardashian shared pictures from the baptism of her daughter north , held at saint james cathedral in jerusalem 's old city .
her resignation was refused by former chief of army david morrison .
experts now say they have a good chance of identifying body through dna .
nyia parler ` left her son in the woods in philadelphia so that she could spend the week with her boyfriend in maryland '
the son is , who has cerebral palsy , is in stable condition in hospital .
mum karen monaghan said daughter was determined to become a model .
new york wheel will have mobile bar cars , a 20-seat restaurant and a 4-d ride on the ground .
martin alvarado , jr . , ` was looking after edwin o'reilly on thursday and became enraged when the child urinated on him as he changed his diaper '
jonathan rudison , 27 , named a person of interest after he allegedly threw one of the victims to the ground , breaking her arm .
doctors forced delivery of her baby in january and giles opened her eyes for the first time earlier this month .
suffers depression brought on by her tattoos , which she had done at 24 .
also believe hacker has infiltrated the device 's camera to watch their son .
kristy peckham has spoken out about the years of abuse she endured .
headpiece is said to cost # 10 , 775 and uses feathers from 80 kingfishers .
adam lyons , 34 , from east london , is in a relationship with two women .
owners of sugar pine mine called in armed guards to protect their claim .
claim judge tim carmody had a friendship child protection advocate .
the actress briefed the council as special envoy for the u . n . on refugee issues in new york on friday .
cobain lived with courtney love in the two bedroom apartment on spaulding avenue in l . a . 's fairfax district .
holder took a victory lap in his farewell speech , claiming credit for overseeing a ` golden age'of federal law enforcement .
husband and father-in-law were arrested and accused of setting her alight .
azam says he will set himself on fire if he does n't get justice for his sister .
a 911 dispatcher saw the craigslist post and made the connection .
john truong of renton , washington says sister dropped off 2-year-old boy ronnie tran at his house tuesday .
sister alyssa chang told him the boy was her boyfriend 's son and they wanted to have a date night .
toddler suffered horrific facial injuries and was airlifted to hospital .
buckley now shares how she dealt with the abuse she faced being a pregnant presenter .
lania roberts is a freshman painting major at syracuse university , in new york , and specializes in creating colorful self-portraits .
played geoffrey barone on hit show alongside twin brother and older sister .
deshawn isabelle allegedly punched the woman in the head and dragged her to the ground by her hair before repeatedly beating her in chicago train .
woman suffered a concussion and cuts and bruises all over her body . prosecutors said she was still vomiting two days later from her injuries .
isabelle stole $ 2 , 000 of the woman 's cash and her iphone , prosecutors said .
teen allegedly spent the money on junk food and air jordan track suits .
it is one of britain 's most expensive beach huts and is the same price as a family home in many parts of the uk .
she gave birth standing up in bathroom at ceva logistics in michigan .
they spotted blood on pappas then found the baby dead in the drawer .
co-workers had heard moaning then saw blood on restroom floor .
` it looks like a little whale , 'said tulane university biologist michael doosey .
jiaojiao , 5 , fell 150ft when her mother , zheng jiayu , left her at home alone .
us bagram air base was hit by a rocket but no casualties have been reported .
tomlinson had been partying hard for 48 hours in london , and took five girls back to his room at the soho hotel .
friend mariah roebuck said taylor had checked herself into hospital in late march but was released three days before her father-in-law 's killing .
taylor blamed 59-year-old victim for introducing her late husband , rex taylor , to drugs at age 15 .
ms taylor allegedly committed stabbing with friend sean ball , but then turned on him as the two were fleeing police .
more than half of all shoppers say they head to pound shops each week .
naturopathic doctor lara briden shares natural remedies for period pain .
he apparently told her she had made a mistake when she became pregnant with dealer silvio eboli 's child , new book into his life claims .
a u . s . citizen from the middle east who died of variant creutzfeldt-jakob disease in texas in may 2014 likely ate contaminated uk meat .
investigators say the unnamed man , who was in his 40s , likely ate the tainted meat before moving to the u . s . in the 1990s .
the pair met in real life and although it was ` freaky ' , they got on very well .
police will contact authorities in holland for a background check on accused killer , vincent stanford , who was charged with murder .
zhao pingan 's mother was in labour when she and her husband , the boy 's father , were hit by truck as they travelled to hospital-but baby survived .
abbie conman , 12 , and kerry green , 13 , were targeted by online predator .
the 44-year-old has tied the knot with alice arnold in chiswick , london .
each child who looks after tikko is tasked with raising awareness about autism in his or her community .
they are told : ` we look different . they have thick lips . we have thin lips '
customers took to social media to mock the campaign and express their anger with what they saw as a marketing ploy by the company .
all that is know about the young man is that his photo was taken sometime between 1915 and 1918 before the he embarked from australia for service .
surfer lloyd meudell formed a severe photography obsession after buying a gopro two years ago .
jackson byrnes instead found a neurosurgeon who would do the operation .
she blames herself for allowing april to play outside for extra 15 minutes .
police found he was building his own buckingham palace in pakistan .
london mayor boris johnson has urged ukip supporters to vote tory .
former secretary of state is expected to announce candidacy sunday afternoon and then hit the campaign trail .
social media posts will be followed by video and email announcements .
phil rudd was set to stand trial on ` threatening to kill'and drugs charges in nz court on tuesday .
william ` wild bill'wilson , 93 , and lillian karr wilson , 89 , were both alzheimer 's patients and had to live in separate nursing homes .
is still facing charges over an alleged threesome she had with the same student and fellow teacher rachel respess , 24 .
patients pay thousands for treatments they hope will change their lives .
nathan brown , 19 , was working with father david testing lights in a factory .
the shock made him fall 12ft head first and he died of his injuries .
the anti-immigration violence in south africa has forced thousands of people to flee their homes and the country .
a shop owner from mozambique has died from his injuries in a johannesburg hospital amid xenophobic violence .
a new book claims former bradford chairman stafford heginbotham was linked to previous fires before the disaster .
liverpool are four points behind city with six matches to go this season .
sean bagniewski , who appears with his wife , has campaigned for clinton .
samsung last year poked fun at apple during its bendgate controversy .
the woman shames the man in front of her and perhaps everyone in the arena with her gigantic arms .
one of the bullies has been accused this week of forcing a special needs student to drink urine at greece athena high school .
mrs klein said : ` they did n't learn any lessons from the other ordeal . i do n't think they ever will '
as one distracts the driver by lunging at it another jumps into vehicle .
craze has taken off thanks to owners posting pictures on social media .
royal mail said : ` it is a pleasure to have him working for us '
the 1000ft section can be walked by visitors , and usually draws a million tourists every year .
tateyama kurobe alpine route opened to the public on today allowing guests to marvel at the colossal snow walls .
turia pitt said she starts to sweat and her mouth dries up when she talks about her traumatic bushfire ordeal .
brazilian legend pele is due in london on thursday for an art exhibition .
sky allegedly withdrew their title sponsorship of under 16 tournament .
however , they have released very few details as to the job description .
chelsea manager jose mourinho is fronting a new promotional deal with car manufacturers jaguar .
giles clarke embarrassed guests during wisden almanack launch dinner .
sepp blatter 's rivals'fifa bids look doomed after africa pledge .
` fit for the future'plan will see reduced programming support .
rodgers says they wo n't sell this summer , but it 's more bluster i'm afraid . common sense dictates they ca n't afford to let his contract run down to its final year . the situation needs to be addressed .
warren picked up his second yellow card of the cup in the semi-final against celtic and is therefore suspended for the showdown on may 30 .
liverpool face aston villa in their fa cup semi-final at wembley on sunday .
one more bad season would see england lose a champions league spot .
juan mata returns to his former club after keeping angel di maria out .
but louis van gaal will travel to stamford bridge without several key men .
manchester united have won six games in a row ahead of chelsea clash .
jurgen klopp 's seven-year stint at borussia dortmund will end on june 30 .
aaron cresswell has impressed during debut season in premier league .
the left back joined west ham from championship club ipswich for # 2m .
joel ward joined crystal palace from boyhood club portsmouth in 2012 .
the 25-year-old has committed his future , signing a three-and-a-half year deal taking him through until summer 2018 .
seven-bedroom property in scarsdale , new york , where robert durst grew up hit market this week .
the 71-year-old arrested on march 14 after police ` found a revolver , marijuana and a latex mask in his hotel room '
friends of tuti yusupova claim she was born in uzbekistan in 1880 .
officials believe her birth certificate and passport can prove her age .
samsung has previously made flash and working memory for iphones .
reports claim samsung will make the a9 chips for apple 's next iphone .
apple moved away from samsung as a substantial chip partner in 2013 .
rare celluloid painting depicts vessel used in 1968 film starring beatles .
attorney said the nine-minute recording shows woman having a friendly conversation with fohounhedo as he drove her home .
woman , 22 , told police she was intoxicated during the ride and alleged she woke up in fohounhedo 's apartment and found him having sex with her .
the replica contains all 1 , 000 paintings which include 425 such as a woolly rhinoceros and mammoths .
alison hall , 48 , says the nail became lodged and she started to choke .
each expertly baked and fried pie contains one and a half creme eggs .
steroids and human growth hormone were being given to patients .
the fashion police host dated actor jerry from 2003 to 2004 .
first he hooked up with singer geri halliwell then actress rebecca romijn .
said it made me ` giggle as it 's coming up to easter'but has eaten the bun .
shipsey has used 94 of milat 's letters in a new book about the killer .
he is serving seven consecutive life sentences at goulburn supermax jail .
he cared for wife , who had alzheimer 's disease that was getting worse .
john knott shot wife anne dead and then himself at herefordshire cottage .
employing asia nannies would help save money in the long run .
steven , 21 , had jewish teaching-but was ultimately not given a bar mitzvah .
allegations a 17-year-old was forced to sleep with prince andrew erased .
virginia roberts had attempted to join lawsuit against the u . s . government .
williams said he was being harassed by a group of people outside ferguson pd and was n't aiming at the cops . he also expressed remorse .
there are calls for him to step down and condemned for selling on details .
he had eaten the fruit before the show , washed it down with a shot of 99 bananas liquor , left the peel in his pocket .
altered law more closely mirror federal legislation ; it passed the senate last night and is now under consideration in the house .
he was born strong but he is now ` very floppy'and getting weaker .
singaporean a * star scholarship recipient xiangyu ouyang , 26 , is accused of slipping paraformaldehyde to several fellow students .
mr blair admits to ` regular'mongolia visits but denies discussing mining .
sweet cakes by melissa in oregon found to have discriminated against lesbian couple by refusing them wedding cake in january 2013 .
state emergency services attended over 800 calls for help , however the storm had cleared by 7pm .
managed to eventually radio for help and was rescued by u . s . navy ship .
los angeles angels are close to deal sending outfielder to texas rangers .
it 's claimed he is selling legal highs and investing in overseas properties .
police raided his home after seizing date rape drugs addressed to him .
pagan is accused of intending to swap drugs for sexual favors .
fred pagan , personal assistant to sen thad cochran-lrb-r-ms-rrb-, is charged with possession and intent to supply meth , plus trafficking drugs .
new royal caribbean cruise ship anthem of the seas is sailing out of southampton this summer .
minimalistic pictures with the traditional ornate buildings , mosques and palaces .
other variants coke zero and coke life used to have black and green tops .
liam fox claimed the labour leader was ` weaponise drowning migrants '
next summer thomson will launch the transformed royal caribbean 's splendour of the seas as the new ship in their fleet .
the new jersey parents are divorced and share custody of their three kids .
brody provides shelter from visual distractions with privacy screens while featuring cushion that adapts to each person 's size .
steven davis says it glamorizes bulger 's crimes and profits from the tragedy of his victims .
however the jury returned a ` no finding'verdict at bulger 's murder trial .
this is despite bruce having ` cut his sons out of his life for years'after he stopped taking female hormones and married his third wife , kris jenner .
lee slocombe who carried out work at harkin 's home earlier jailed for fraud .
the young english defender feels he has struggled to live up to his valuation at the club so far and is seeing a psychologist .
rebecca rice , 16 , was allowed to take her pet dog into five-minute exam .
teacher lorette esteve advised she bring along 11-year-old dog holly .
adriana alvarez , 22 , makes $ 10 . 50 an hour and must rely on food stamps , medicaid and a child care subsidy to get by with her three-year-old son .
she said water seeps into her apartment when it rains and she loses a day of wages when her son is ill because she does n't get sick days .
24-year-old jailed for nine months on friday at guildford crown court .
cole skuse scores first goal for ipswich with brilliant 30-yard effort .
west brom owner jeremy peace is looking to sell the midlands club .
their limited contact with the outside world usually involves violence , as they are hostile towards outsiders .
india 's government has given up on making contact with the islanders and established a three-mile exclusion zone .
it has been available in england via cancer drugs fund since last march .
plunged 50ft off balcony at hotel jaime 1 around midnight on april 3 .
he suggested fines be introduced to help improve australia post 's service .
` update : my daughter lauren york has been found . we are all praising god ,'her mother posted on facebook monday afternoon .
gitte denteneer was stunned after getting the bill from rubens in leuven .
ms denteneer later took to twitter to express her outrage at the charge .
one woman patient , 37 , went to see gp with a stiff neck and headache .
young girl in gardena , california , disappeared from car wash at 4 . 55 pm .
five-day-old hippopotamus calf mauled to death after straying between two brawling adults in south africa .
adult hippos had been fighting for hours before attacking the baby in the isimangaliso wetland park .
a student took a photo of him watching pornography in his office .
32-year-old , known as saka , claimed he fled to britain to escape taliban .
mr lawler , now 68 , claims he reported his account but was twice ignored .
the campaign page identified the boys as eli and silas keslar , sons of mark and alexis keslar .
twin 18-month-old boys were pulled from a yuma , arizona canal on friday .
the knightsbridge flat is located in the same building where hollywood star ava gardner spent her last years .
the manchester , nh airport would have been 55 miles closer and had a flight two hours earlier-- but it was on smaller plane with only coach seats .
nascar-like trip down i-93 came less than 24 hours after clinton 's secret service detail raced down rain-slicked new hampshire freeways at 92 mph .
the baby boy weighed eight pounds , seven ounces and was 22 inches long .
emails from within 19th special forces unit show attempts to remove references to their involvement with hot shots bikini models .
has been criticized as ` woefully'unable to change the agency 's culture as detailed allegations about agent scandals mount .
police became suspicious after the winner of the jackpot waited until the last moment to claim they're prize and would not reveal their identity .
they then believe he tampered with security cameras so he would not be caught installing the program he used to have his numbers drawn .
jan bearman surprised her family and decided to get her first tattoo at the age of 80 after her daughter shelley died in 2011 .
darren goddard met first wife aggi while based in germany with the army .
is desperate to take part in school 's graduation ceremony in dallas in june .
but officials wo n't let her unless she makes up work she has had to miss .
admits he was ` ashamed'of his modelling career and kept it a secret from students and almost did n't mention it on his cv .
posted on louisiana state university sports forum in 2012 that theron had applied to take on the youngster in same court division where he served .
amol gupta was playing in a match on roosevelt island in april 2013 when he injured himself .
granado arrested again amid claims she had sex with second boy in car .
to be fair , ` clinton did n't pay'for the meal-` the other lady paid the bill ,'he said , referring to abedin , the vice chairwoman of clinton 's campaign .
tory mp andrew bridgen claimed mr blair came across a ` megalomaniac '
one man was killed and another seriously injured after last night 's fight .
` he will not be allowed to see the child ,'major eric watson of the charleston county sheriff 's office tells daily mail online .
his son jameson , 2 , was bitten twice by a rattlesnake last month in the yard of the house his family had rented in scottsdale for spring training .
hidden cameras recorded 70 hours of footage at lord nelson , east london .
cameras did not show any mention of football and women rarely discussed .
the wife of the legendary cricket commentator has settled on a gathering with only immediate family indicating this is what he would have wanted .
hibs won the derby 2-0 to stay second in the scottish championship .
diane blankenship , 45 , was arrested at her home in tampa on friday .
the melbourne woman was just streets from her prahan home .
video shows the lions scaling the cage to look at the people inside .
chelsea boss jose mourinho criticised oscar publicly after stoke game .
victory enabled italian outfit to carry out ritual of placing flag at team gate .
u . s . rc-135u plane was flying near poland when russian jet ` cut across '
pentagon says russian su-27 flanker made ` aggressive maneuvers '
alan gordon put la galaxy into the lead after 23 minutes with a header .
chelsea star eden hazard made his 100th top-flight appearance at qpr .
reeves says the whole process of formula one is much like hollywood .
fernando alonso , 34 , signed a three-year deal with mclaren this year .
saracens beat racing metro 12-11 to advance to champions cup semis .
charlie hemphrey fulfilled an ` unrealistic dream'to become a first-class cricketer .
hemphrey enjoyed a successful first season in australia with queensland .
he faces being sentenced to death or life in prison after attack killed three .
tim sherwood says tottenham may lose him if they do n't improve as fast .
jack rodwell will return for black cats following hamstring injury .
brazilian neymar took to instagram to show off his skills to his followers .
united sit above city in the table after having played the same amount of league matches for the first time since november 2013 .
united last beat city in the derby at home came in a 2-1 win four years ago .
city were beaten 2-1 by crystal palace on monday and face united sunday .
crystal palace beat manchester city 2-1 at selhurst park on monday night .
the international judo federation shared photos of the visit on twitter .
manchester united face manchester city in the premier league on sunday .
manchester united welcome neighbours city to old trafford on sunday .
qpr host chelsea at loftus road in sunday 's west london derby .
bristol city 's lead at the top of the league one table was extended to eight points following a 3-0 win over swindon .
c . j miles and george hill were in impressive form during win over wizards .
darren fletcher opened the scoring before david nugent levelled the scoreline after 20 minutes .
jamie vardy scored late winner to ensure his side claimed all three points at the hawthorns .
chelsea move seven points clear at the top of the premier league .
chelsea scored late winner to beat qpr 1-0 at loftus road on sunday .
arnautovic had earlier seen two goals disallowed for offside during the upton park encounter .
sam allardyce wants west ham to be defensively solid on sunday .
carlton cole 's west ham contract expires at the end of the season .
his contract is up at the end of the season and it looks likely he will leave .
celtic failed to qualify for the champions league this season .
rangers held to 1-1 draw by bottom side in the championship .
stuart mccall 's side go second in the league above hibernian .
barcelona have now scored 401 goals in the champions league .
raphael varane , daniel carvajal and sergio ramos tussled with striker .
jefferson montero may be fit enough to make bench for garry monk 's side .
psg and barcelona also set to play in international champions cup .
inter are keen on manchester city duo yaya toure and stevan joevtic .
brendan rodgers says he will be monitored ahead of fa cup semi-final .
real madrid dispatched off eibar 3-0 with cristiano ronaldo starring .
frenchman saw funny side and made his way off the pitch during 1-1 draw .
the pro league 's royal mouscron-peruwelz are the prospective partners .
mathews was set to face richar abril , who was forced to withdraw through illness .
murray and sears confirmed their engagement last november after more than nine years together .
xabi alonso won uefa champions league with liverpool and real madrid .
read : bowyer shocked by keeper 's late effort against liverpool .
premier league clubs on alert after shock reports from germany .
they were joined by families of the victims , club legends and thousands of fans .
his bayer leverkusen team lost on penalties against bayern munich .
bosnian and his friends became involved in a disagreement with staff .
zlatan ibrahimovic scored a hat trick and ezequiel lavezzi added fourth .
the brazilian found the bottom corner of simon eastwood 's goal in fa cup quarter-final replay .
the images will be a concern for any potential suitors of the liverpool star .
he was last seen at start of route on march 31 but failed to return to hotel .
police say the mother has been found and is receiving medical treatment .
ceara lynch , 28 , is paid to indulge men 's fetish fantasies , which often include elements of humiliation .
bag was discovered near cambridge police station on saturday morning .
instead , neville hackett said his son turned to stilnox sleeping pills .
travel site , wanderbat , evaluated the reliability of top international airlines .
kevin gill , 45 , found an injured gator and took it to his home in naples , florida for his son to nurse back to health .
but when officers were serving a search warrant on the family 's home for an unrelated issue , they found the gator and arrested gill .
dewitt , who is married , has been at the top-ranked school since 1992 , teaching biology , physiology and anatomy to juniors and seniors .
on the fifth floor-devoted to math and science-guests stay in rooms themed after astronomy and dinosaurs .
every one of the hotel 's 60 rooms is decorated according to a genre or topic within the categories .
one propaganda photo shows him in lederhosen and knee-high socks .
at a public memorial today her casket was placed in the arena and at the site where she made her first basket , with items from her basketball career .
the zambi wildlife retreat is the only facility for retired exotic animals from zoos and the movie industry in australia .
labour rival alerted colleagues after spotting councillor tucking into roast .
the james bond actor was given a ` license to save'by u . n . secretary-general ban ki-moon in new york on tuesday .
neighbours say he used to sacrifice live animals in apparent satanic rituals .
landlord seen being led away from home in madrid suburb of majadahonda .
it used a mirror on the front of compact cameras to help the photographer .
residents in oldham were confused over growing pile of rubbish in alley .
mr miliband was at the time seeing newsnight editor stephanie flanders .
long island 's us limousine and manager to pay $ 700 , 000 after firing .
mr osborne was shown around the henry the hoover factory in chard .
sheila secker , 78 , died after she was unable to ring son after a fall .
emotional mr cain sheds tears as he looks on image from the 1920s .
latest revelation casts further shadow as clinton begins white house bid .
mr harvie called for the end of north sea oil extraction-- in a city where thousands of workers rely on its future .
scots labour leader jim murphy said move would ruin country 's finances .
congressional research service , which gives confidential analysis , warns of turmoil if there is a hung parliament following general election .
lawsuit alleges park 's pools are so shallow the orcas get sunburned .
sheriff thomas hodgson who had aaron hernandez in custody for 18 months is opening up about the football star .
on tuesday , she wrote ` i'm so happy'on facebook .
second away win of the season sends orlando city third in the league .
champion jockey ultimately chose shutthefrontdoor for big race at aintree .
ap mccoy could have ridden cause of causes in the grand national on saturday .
he was one of the first rescued and never ordered evacuation .
coquelin insists the gunners ` can win titles'with giroud in the side .
local media reports of airbus a320 making a tailstrike on landing .
ravel morrison training with lazio ahead of summer switch .
klim told daily mail australia that she exercises two hours a day in bali . . . but barely makes it to the gym in oz .
serena williams defeated sara errani for the united states in the fed cup .
world no 1 was a set down before fighting back and winning the tie .
an autopsy has now revealed that the baby was born alive and was nearly full term but died from asphyxiation .
six boys claim they were sexually abused by the man hundreds of times starting when some were as young as 5-years-old .
the married father of two had been reported missing on saturday .
referee stepped in after filipovic dropped gabriel gonzaga to floor .
petra kvitova defeated caroline garcia in straight sets for 3-0 lead .
series of photos appear to show the beheading of a man in hama in syria .
gloucester fly-half james hook has won 77 test caps for wales .
novak djokovic beats rafael nadal 6-3 6-3 in monte carlo .
video seems to show militants in libya holding one group of at least 16 captive on a beach and 12 others in a desert .
ms gibson faced backlash since close friends cast doubt about her terminal cancer diagnosis .
three russian ships that docked in olavsvern naval base for the entire winter .
the patriots qb posted a picture of himself in a hospital bed on facebook and wrote : ` jordan 's crossover no joke '
delrea good of portage , indiana was charged with resisting arrest after she drove to a ` safe and well-lit area'before pulling over .
bill clinton 's previous visits to casa de campo included at least one trip where he stayed with melgen , according to the doctor 's former secretary .
ukip leader said foreigners with hiv should not be treated on the nhs .
interstate 65 north was closed so obama could drive into town from airport .
bollaert was sentenced to 18 years friday , which judge said reflected amount of victims .
the grand dame of broadcasters believes that monica lewinsky has the right stuff to bring the view back from the brink .
the former white house intern would also draw great guests-although probably not hillary or bill clinton .
they found a horse in a narrow alleyway and another chained to ground .
iowa republican party official says the senator 's claims to washington-outsider status ` wo n't sell in iowa'although it might work for a governor .
defence secretary michael fallon launches personal attack on miliband .
facinet keita , 31 , represented guinea in men 's + 100 kg judo but lost bout .
the boxer shared the images on snapchat while driving his car in the u . s .
co-presenter rachel riley looked embarrassed as she spelt out ` erection '
mom demetria harris said she wants an assurance from the department that he will be able to pay his debt to society , without being killed .
disturbing photo shows cortez berry hunched down with a swollen eye in front of two shirtless young men , one of whom is holding a leash .
islamist extremist group hizb ut-tahrir ` join al-qaeda franchise in syria '
the victim said she tried to bite him but he told her to ` shut the f * * * up'as he pulled up her dress and pulled down her underwear .
michelle obama told talk-show host rachael ray that secret service agents taught her daughter malia how to drive .
tara hills did an about-face in the wake of her family 's health crisis , writing a blog post about how her stance on vaccination has changed .
after being taken to jail she was cited for trespass , resisting arrest , battery on a police officer and drunk in public .
she was asked to leave restaurant but became belligerent and locked herself in a bathroom .
rhobh cast mates brandi glanville , eileen davidson and lisa rinna shares reactions on twitter .
says she is trying to ` close loophole'of ` risky behaviour'in young women .
the current owner bought the home after hostetler 's 2006 death . he listed it for $ 2 . 2 m in february 2012 , $ 1 . 3 m in 2013 and now for less than a million .
he says he has to turn tv off when farage appears or he becomes sick .
wife tells how sufferer 's hands shake when he hears ukip leader 's voice .
he is facing 72 charges from the dover police department for 18 robberies .
jenkins is accused of carrying out multiple robberies in dover , delaware .
the foreign minister was in perth to meet with families of sas members .
anthony mann admitted killing his wife janet who suffered from dementia .
after stabbing her , mann , 78 , kissed his wife and told her :'i love you '
german primary school teacher is in 21st week of pregnancy and ` feels fit '
infamous limbs in loch killer william beggs was attacked in prison .
at waterloo bicentenary , research shows adults know little about the battle .
siti zainab was executed in holy city of medina after 15 years on death row .
scott was driving pierre fulton back to his house after taking him to a nearby church to collect a bag of vegetables on april 4 .
fulton , who had known scott for several years , said he does not know why his friend ran and did not see the shooting .
bates said he had completed all proper training and was not allowed to ` play cop'just because he had donated equipment to the sheriff 's office .
kyle wittstock crashed into a garage door when his paraglider was swept to the ground by a strong wind .
in one message a user threatens to bring a knife to school and stab the girl .
he returned to florida two days after they went missing and was jailed .
this includes exposure from medical examinations , changes in a person 's location and flights .
lukas podolski left arsenal for inter milan on a loan deal in january .
terence crawford stopped puerto rican thomas dulmore in the sixth .
derry mathews handed a unanimous points decision at the echo arena .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao fight in las vegas on may 2 .
caroline wozniacki took to twitter to congratulate golfer jordan spieth .
gael monfils beat roger federer 6-4 , 7-6 at the monte carlo masters .
roger federer won first match since losing indian wells final in march .
mike tindall owned monbeg dude finished third in the grand national .
pietersen signed for surrey hoping to score enough runs to regain place .
michael clarke believes kevin pietersen 's surrey form warrants a recall .
charity match is to raise funds and awareness for prostate cancer .
redknapp will manage men united xi vs leyton orient legends on may 31 .
harry redknapp quit as qpr manager in february due to knee surgery .
carlo ancelotti had hoped the french striker would n't be out for long .
van gaal was enjoying celebratory meal after united 's 4-2 derby win .
manchester city player duggan apologised and removed the photo .
josh meekings handball should have been a penalty and a red card .
eddie howe is hoping fans can inspire cherries to reach premier league .
nathaniel clyne has been in impressive form for southampton this season .
ryan mason celebrated england 's equaliser against italy on tuesday night .
ferreira followed mourinho to stamford bridge from porto in 2004 .
six leeds players withdrew from squad for saturday 's match with charlton .
indicating it will take the manchester club 20 years to eclipse liverpool .
messi said he is happy and ` back to my best'after poor 2014 .
lerner did visit villa park for arsenal game back in september .
christian benteke headed aston villa into the lead in the 35th minute against tottenham at white hart lane .
it is 24 years to the day since paul gascoigne scored in the fa cup semi-final against arsenal .
gascoigne struck a fierce 35-yard free-kick that beat david seaman .
after the game , he was attacked with coins and verbally abused by arsenal fans while he was stuck in traffic trying to leave the stadium .
but muller believes these problems have brought the team closer together .
midfielder has been out for more than a year after with serious knee injury .
germany under 21 international says he is feeling ` better and better '
police tracing two adults and four children who were not wearing helmets .
justin d . smith , 18 , and 20-year-old efrain diaz are accused of killing 22-year-old ohio-native jonathan krueger .
they decided to have family together and that each would carry a child , with vanessa giving birth to son jax in 2014 .
couple documented the experience and shared the photos of how they created their new family on instagram .
kevin o'connor closed the shop after backlash following comments he made that he would n't cater same-sex weddings .
she received a standing ovation as the spoke to a crowd of 1 , 200 .
cloud appeared in central china 's hunan province last friday .
barn owl succeeded in driving out a kestrel from nesting box which he had been guarding all day .
kyli wolfson , 29 , felt severe pain whenever she ate thanks to the disorder , which developed in october 2012 , when she was 26 .
after the first day , barner says the new tattoo started to puss and continues to be painful to this day .
barner went to the shop last year to get a new chest piece to cover up an older chest tattoo .
asabi barner , 37 , of south carolina got a tattoo at black ink tattoo parlor while visiting new york city .
the mountain lion has been living in nearby griffith park for three years .
diane james described her admiration for putin during radio debate .
party 's justice spokesman russian president is a ` very strong leader '
black and white photos offer a rare glimpse of the chinese capital 's landmarks devoid of tourists .
street art appears to be a dig at clinton supporters who said words like ` entitled'and ` secretive'which are used to describe her , are sexist .
on sunday , anti-hillary clinton users shared on twitter reasons why they will not vote for her using the hashtag that began trending online .
when the button is clicked , the timer resets and the person who pressed it is given a colour that signifies how long they left it before pressing .
yobs had ` already drunk a lot'when they boarded early morning flight .
fired 32 bullets at fiona bone and nicola hughes and threw a grenade .
the 28-year-old cyclist suffered two fractures to his leg and a pelvic injury .
researchers claimed antibiotics could be contributing to ` obesity epidemic '
the castle is also a short drive from the world-famous bergerac wine area .
new york university nutritionist , marion nestle , likened kind bars to candy .
mr davis told labour leader situation had improved in jobs , crime and fees .
bbc feared he would use the global tour to vent his anger at former bosses .
the nephew of president john f kennedy attended the screening of a anti-vaccination documentary tuesday in sacramento , california .
queen of spain , 42 , attended conference at science museum , cosmocaixa .
experts say video is first ` real evidence 'she is involved with all-women al-khanssaa brigade at ` high level '
some posts included pictures of the dead bodies of jihadi fighters .
cole was angry that a payroll withholding order was issued to his employer , taking the money out of his check for child support .
jensen , who was born christopher , also takes hormone treatments .
she became spooked by fireworks on the field and burst into tears .
tex approached satine and comforted her before holding her hand tightly .
they ` all played naked twister and lehnardt had sex with an 18-year-old man in the bathroom before playing with sex toys in front of the teens '
her daughter has now jumped to her defense , saying that her mom used to be a good mother but that everyone makes mistakes .
launched healthy selfie with husband joe who also saw results .
gerry pickens , 28 , was the first black police officer in orting , washington .
played on hit songs like sweet home alabama , simple man and free bird .
his vehicle struck mailbox as it was approaching a curve near cartersville .
gaza police have seized world famous street artist 's work from bilal khaled .
it is now being held in khan yunis public library while the issue is resolved .
charged with crossing no-fly zone , he is under house arrest until court date .
spieth led after three rounds last year and finished second at the tournament .
when bettman asked during the shoot if luis wanted to try any more poses , he dropped on one knee and popped the question .
the demilitarized zone , separating the north and south , features the world 's largest border military presence .
ms sturgeon said an ` out'vote would justify a new independence poll .
said many labour voters in england and wales-and significant numbers of its mps-preferred her vision to that of ed miliband .
authorities say the akron , ohio man faked his own kidnapping last fall .
he claimed men with shotguns kidnapped him , stole $ 2 , 500 and then left him tied to the tree for several days .
during this visit , he told a teenage admirer to give up the trend of snapping self-portraits , saying ` selfies are bad '
miss sturgeon 's dress appeared blue in some lights and green in others .
the 34-year-old also revealed that she spends five to ten percent of her day away from her daughter so she can workout and be alone with her husband .
she discovered he was stalking her after finding photos on boykin 's phone .
also broke into her home five times and took photos of her clothes .
morris and mother , juanila smikle , claim she had fallen down the stairs .
paramedics found shanay lying cold and stiff in bed at nottingham home .
alan lawrence created a photo series in which his 18-month old son , wil , appears to be flying to raise awareness about down syndrome .
abdirahman sheik mohamud , 23 , from columbus , said he got training from terror group linked to al qaeda in syria .
was instructed by cleric to return to us and carry out terror attack .
kenne worthen was arrested on friday after some of his students told staff ` he was having inappropriate contact with one of their classmates '
a new report from suncorp bank found australians spent $ 20 billion on technology in the past year .
vijay chokal-ingam claims he posed as a black man and was accepted into the st . louis university school of medicine in 1998 .
victorino chua , 49 , wrote 13-page document describing his battle with depression and physical injury .
chua denies murdering three patients at stockport hospital in 2011 .
award-winning photojournalist thompson was with a 14-day tour of vietnam and cambodia in april .
woven baskets filled with chickens and pigs , and unique child seats seen on the scooters .
avoids jail as judge says she suffered ` momentary abnormality of mental functioning '
he raised alarm with nurses at whipps cross hospital , north east london .
although that was later quashed , the unmarried mother was left an outcast .
the message said their office was being closed and moved to melbourne .
the former playboy model has owned the world 's largest rabbit since 2008 .
man in his 50s opened fire on deputy as he was directing school buses in new orleans suburb of paradis .
girl dubbed'100-year-old teenager'hayley okines died earlier this month .
nhs chief simon stevens said the extra cash is needed just to stand still .
video shows the planes approaching the runway at the same speed .
authorities initially believed it was a road rage incident turned violent but now say the shooting was not random .
malijah grant was allowed to die on saturday after she was shot while sitting in the back seat of her parents'car thursday outside seattle .
she agreed to be rescued after police talked to her about her daughter and was taken to elmhurst hospital .
nash left the house without his wallet , car keys or id , but a 9mm handgun went missing from his house that night .
first lady offered a glowing review of bernard 's tenure , saying she was ` lucky to have such a talented individual on my team'and a ` lifelong friend '
cle ` bone 'sloan , 45 , was one of two men hit by knight 's pickup truck .
terry carter , 55 , was killed in alleged hit-and-run outside burger stand .
preliminary hearing in los angeles is deciding whether knight can be tried .
sloan today claimed he could not remember the details of the encounter .
but mr bodi says he does n't want to see dodd banned from the ground .
one of his alleged victims claims he locked her in a room and raped her .
she claimed he told her that if she ` f * * * with him ' , then ` he will f * * * with me '
woman told the jury he locked the doors and told her he had the keys .
lawrence tynes contracted the deadly infection after surgery on his foot in 2013 and is now seeking an additional $ 15 , 000 in damages .
the former head of nhs says black hole will be ` crystal clear'after election .
sir david nicholson called on labour to commit to spending extra on nhs .
united flight 3954 carried clinton from omaha , nebraska to newark , new jersey on thursday .
met by a town car and a police escort-- on the tarmac-- for what 's likely a short trip back to her chappaqua , new york estate .
a man dressed in female clothing strolled into the store at 7 . 30 pm .
collette dinnigan 's paddington $ 6 million home has hit the market .
the screen cracks and she demands he pays for the damages .
parks'mother carolyn parks , who lost another son , aged 16 , six months ago , said that her son was not a good swimmer .
friends who were with him said there ` was no foul play at all'and that parks had not been drinking nor was he impaired in any way .
network has only released non-specific quotes so as to allow bruce to address topic in full context of friday 's interview .
gisela s locked up to 15 prisoners in a tiny ` standing cell'for days .
motorist ravi beefnah claims his # 35 , 000 audi a5 uses far too much oil .
car has been there for two months and he claims audi will not fix problem .
hard rock hotel confirmed ice machine removed for health and safety but was unable to say if wood was still a guest for ` security reasons '
camera shows his axe come loose sending him tumbling down the cliff .
scott mayhew was working on his car when it fell off its jack crushing him .
rushed home to find mr mayhew in a great deal of pain under the vehicle .
earlier this week one of maurice 's victims read her impact statement .
bega cheese ceo maurice van ryn has pleaded guilty to 12 sex offences .
james creag suffers from rare condition erythropoietic protoporphyria .
bones of sheep , deer and rhino that neanderthal 's hunted were also found .
getty images photographer john moore received the industry 's top gong last night for his incredible photographs .
speaking after , petraeus apologized for his ` mistakes'but thanked his supporters and said he was looking forward to moving on with his life .
moore 's neighbors knew him by an alias and described his as'a good neighbor ,'and also ` very compassioante '
clarence david moore , 66 , was convicted of larceny of more than $ 200 in north carolina in 1967 and was sentenced to up to seven years in prison .
alleged to have encouraged sevdet besim to behead a member of public .
star faced bitter twitter backlash , then appeared on good morning britain .
he shot dead wife ashlee steele , 39 , and her sister kacee tollefsbol , 38 , on august 22 .
alison saunders wo n't quit because ` making the right decision is not a resigning issue '
it will now refile its tax returns from 2010 , 2011 and 2012 but has not ruled out reviewing tax returns extending back as many as 15 years .
anika stanford visited leeton police station on thursday for 45 minutes .
found not guilty by a jury and he said tearfully ` the truth finally came out '
greece could go bust next week as salaries and eu debt repayments loom .
kitty carroll was last seen playing at the kemah boardwalk marina in texas on wednesday but when her father checked on her , she was gone .
rebbie said that he purchased the camera specifically to watch the 15-year-old girl but captured other victims on film , too .
police caught the 22-year-old after finding his picture on the first handset .
koby hodder was playing british bulldog on his break when he collapsed .
booth was also scathing of england 's late decision to sack alastair cook as one-day captain on the eve of the world cup .
22-year-old is currently at monaco but has also played for lens and sevilla .
left back posted screenshot of text message conversation on instagram .
adidas replaces nike who had supplied united for the previous 13 years .
board member jan-christian dreesen does not believe guardiola 's decision on a new contract will be influenced by money .
phil jagielka visited chaophraya restaurant with sponsors chang beer .
the everton skipper had a cookery lesson with thai chef kim kaewkraikhot .
harry dowd played a key role in fa cup triumph over leicester city .
fc chernomorets have been forced to sell their best players as a result too .
attacker strikes again outside restaurant-but manager escapes unhurt .
cesc fabregas had his nose broken in a challenge with charlie adam .
premier league champions unveil 64m mural at academy stadium .
boro had been ahead until rudy gestede scored a late goal .
blackburn 's gary bowyer feels it would be fitting for gerrard to lift fa cup .
liverpool beat blackburn rovers 1-0 at ewood park in the fa cup .
the crowd roared in celebration with several players stopping their round to cheer the golden bear .
nicklaus , a six-time winner at augusta , added another glorious moment to his glittering masters career with an ace on the fourth .
arsenal defender bellerin says the result has caused'a bit of banter '
return of mathieu debuchy leaves arsene wenger a decision to make .
the arsenal youngster has impressed at right back this season .
hector bellerin broke theo walcott 's arsenal sprint record last summer .
ronaldo was also booked for diving in the area but it appeared unfair .
real madrid beat rayo vallecano 2-0 in la liga on wednesday night .
it took penalties , but holders bayern munich progressed to the semi-finals .
alcantara was lucky to still be on the pitch after making a nasty challenge .
italian media claimed the croatian-born model tried to take her own life .
roots of the banyan tree in southern china originally grew against a wall .
former england boss capello believes terry should have kept his role .
fabio capello believes england would be much stronger with john terry .
author martin fletcher says his findings warrant further investigation .
mr justice popplewell says he has no reason to believe fire was n't accident .
he retreated to his house after shooting daughter 's partner and a policeman .
michael singleton says he knows his mom was trying to protect him .
video of toya graham going to a protest and forcefully removing her son went viral , drew a lot of praise .
etan patz disappeared in 1979 ; his face appeared on milk cartons all across the united states .
holmes faces 165 counts in the movie theater massacre that killed 12 people .
in a national tv broadcast , maduro said he would grant her request for a new apartment .
six people taken hostage in a kosher market siege say media outlet endangered their lives .
azlin alias , a member of the prime minister 's staff , also dies , news agency reports .
agent was taken to an area hospital as a precaution . he passed a drug test and was discharged , alaska airlines says .
show will return with a one-hour special , followed by spinoff , star john stamos says .
wisconsin , which last won a title in 1941 , was led by birthday boy frank kaminsky .
gunfire erupts after senior u . s . official meets with afghan governor in jalalabad , u . s . embassy says .
official in ramadi says it 's unclear how long government forces can hold out there .
he says oz scorned by some in medical community , at senate hearing ; comics joke about him . he serves himself at cost to his hospital .
beatriz paez was walking sunday when she saw police activity .
he says jonathan administration failed to address corruption , poverty and rise of boko haram . buhar may be tonic to years of misrule .
the finding has `` wider implications'' for efforts to find evidence of life on mars , a researcher says .
djokovic had earlier beaten clay expert nadal in semis .
mohamed soltan , a 27-year-old u . s .-egyptian activist on a hunger strike , is sentenced to life in prison .
polio was declared eradicated in the u . s . in 1979 , but still exists in other countries .
`` the late show with david letterman'' concludes may 20 .
timothy stanley : hillary clinton running for president , but it 's not clear what she stands for . there are grounds for a liberal primary challenge .
jamal al-labani is believed to be the first american killed in current violence in yemen .
could fragments of a tree survive millennia? or are they fragments of forgery that speak to our need to believe?
but video in walter scott 's fatal shooting showed the truth , brown says .
with hindsight from michael brown case , north charleston did the right thing with arrest .
spacex says weather forced it to delay its rocket launch plan .
al-rubaish was once detained by the united states in guantanamo .
yazbek , a syrian refugee , paid a smuggler $ 6 , 500 to get him to italy in december .
tv 's `` dr . oz'' holds a faculty position at columbia university 's college of physicians and surgeons .
ten physicians across the country have banded together to tell columbia they think having oz on faculty is unacceptable .
radiology professor says that he just wants oz to `` follow the basic rules of science''
`` x-men'' original character bobby `` iceman'' drake is revealed to be gay in latest issue .
eight year investigation claims thousands had organs removed in china .
nsw health said he had developed flu-like symptoms on saturday .
nigel farage called on tories to vote tactically in seats they can not win .
raymond handley was jailed for more than 13 years for assaulting child .
the restaurant worker , 20 , is planning to change her name via deed poll .
the star is one of a growing number of celebrities leaving lingerie at home .
friends and family of the grays have accused stevens of being racist and are calling for him to be fired .
the plans were announced by mary ellen smith , corporate vice president of worldwide operations , who herself has a 19-year-old autistic son .
coroner ruled he was likely trying to play a prank when he died in august .
queen arrived at st george 's chapel alongside the duke of edinburgh and was dressed in a bright blue coat and hat .
qantas'on time rating slipped to 75th out of the 80 airlines using heathrow .
in an interview , he said his earnings pay for ` infrastructure'around him .
a cairns man faces court after giving his daughter medical cannabis oil .
right sagittal stratum of brain is key to recognising sarcastic comments .
he became a web sensation after answering 10 different starter questions .
but the law student admits he revised by using youtube and wikipedia .
comedian ricky gervais led an online charge against rebecca francis .
laut claims self-defense while prosecutors say she 's a murderer-- however , they were unable to get a case together by the time of the trial .
jane laut , 57 , stands accused of shooting dead her bronze medalist shot-putter husband dave laut in august 2009 .
claire nugent and nigel morter restored a 1940s airfield control tower and now run it as a b & b .
emma edwards runs a vintage website and spent # 10 , 000 converting her home into a 50s haven .
nikki kelly , 24 , kept needing the toilet and believed she had period cramps .
men believed to be masterminds of plot ` scouted'police stations to attack .
killing of numan haider last year said to be when they became extremist .
marie d'argent was injured when elevator at melbourne apartment complex dropped suddenly in october .
she says she suffered vertebral disc trauma and loss of libido as a result .
scotland 's strict new drink-driving law sees bar sales drop by 60 per cent .
others include toronto in canada , ho chi minh city in vietnam and colombo in sri lanka .
defendants ` beat pensioner around head and left him face down in pond '
court hears they lured victim to mine by offering to sell him illegal guns .
six years ago the pga golfer was on a scholarship at jesuit high school in dallas , which was funded by the murphy family who he thanks in his letter .
` thanks again for your kindness ,'wrote the then number one junior golfer in the country in his best handwriting .
boxer did laps of the pool as well as water resistance muscle work .
floyd mayweather uploaded a picture inside his private jet on wednesday .
mayweather will face manny pacquiao on may 2 in a welterweight unification bout at the mgm grand in las vegas .
hbo and showtime confirmed recommended price of $ 89 . 95-lrb-# 60 . 70-rrb-.
us viewers will have to pay up to $ 100-lrb-# 67 . 48-rrb-to watch the fight .
europa league semi-final draw : napoli vs dnipro , sevilla vs fiorentina .
sam allardyce had his chance with west ham but has failed to take it .
thomas tuchel has signed a three-year deal to replace jurgen klopp .
tuchel will officially take over at borussia dortmund on july 1 .
kenya 's athletic federation has banned runners'agents for six months .
raphael varane filmed fans as madrid arrived at the santiago bernabeu .
agent dimitri seluk said club must make the ivory coast star feel wanted .
seluk said toure is a club legend and money is n't their motivation .
wasps face leicester tigers at the ricoh arena on may 9 .
the 26-year-old has spoken highly about the quality of his arsenal team-mates and singled out fellow attacker santi carzola for particular praise .
evra has urged team-mate paul pogba not to rush his return from injury .
the young lions have been placed in group d of the tournament .
the england international has agreed terms worth over # 100 , 000 a week .
the 24-year-old is keen on adding to his trophy cabinet after penning deal .
jordan henderson has committed his future to liverpool with new deal .
new contract will keep henderson at liverpool until the summer of 2020 .
porto beat bayern munich 3-1 in champions league quarter-final first leg .
seventh-placed southampton 's wage bill for last season was # 55 . 2 million .
dortmund value defender mats hummels at # 35million .
the royals face birmingham in the championship on wednesday night .
adam federici lets alexis sanchez 's extra-time effort through his legs .
sanchez 's goal made it 2-1 to arsenal who will now play in the fa cup final .
gianfranco zola and robin van persie both won the cup in their debut seasons in the premier league .
fresh questions have been raised over west ham 's olympic stadium move .
veteran bayless has refereed several of mayweather 's previous fights .
oscar de la hoya believes that the appointment of referee kenny bayless will work to floyd mayweather 's advantage against manny pacquiao .
barry hawkins qualified for next round with 10-9 win over matthew selt .
they smashed in with an axe and sledgehammer but a brave employee managed to hold them back .
admitted burglary and was jailed for two and a half years at minshull street crown court .
social media users were baffled by the unusual flight plan on the internet .
pit crew member todd phillips was hit by a car on sunday during the inaugural indycar grand prix of louisiana .
the duchess of cambridge made revelation at goring hotel 's 105th party .
halperin delivered daughter mikaela jane davidson april 4 , less than three months after husband 's slaying .
dr . michael davidson was shot dead by stephen pasceri at brigham and women 's hospital in boston in january .
despite the rise in jihadi brides , no one seems to want to marry the british fighter .
said the museum was ` wonderful'- and he still owns all of marley 's records .
his lawyers argue that he never performed any ` official acts'for star scientific , a company that sought support for his ` anatabloc 'supplement .
protesters clashed with anti-racism activists at rallies across australia .
wardens claim they're asked to perform extra duty for no extra money .
attendees are at risk of catching anything from norovirus to flu .
large crowds , close quarters and heavily-trafficked public restrooms allow for illnesses to spread .
google spokesperson confirmed current policy changed meaning funds will be protected by the federal deposit insurance corporation .
majority of immigrants are from jamaica , haiti , ethiopia and nigeria .
jackson byrnes and his family have used crowd funding to raise money .
he ran the emporio motor group in new jersey and appeared on reality tv .
eight judges rule russia did not breach the 45-year-old 's human rights .
manager brendan rodgers says it 's not something he should be doing .
levar jones was shot and wounded by police officer in columbia , south carolina , when he was stopped and told to produce a license .
but she was then told to appear at court and fined # 304 plus # 200 costs .
said she had committed a crime and issued her with # 50 penalty notice .
the drug can have long-term effects on the brain , especially for the young people who are abusing it .
criticism over her decision to spare former mp lord janner from the dock .
alison saunders , director of public prosecutions , facing furious backlash .
bell has a history of leaving her young children unattended , prompting neighbors to call the police on a previous occasion .
brittany bell , 27 , found the lifeless infant and was worried one of her twins might be responsible after she fell asleep while watching a movie with them .
pusok , 30 , falls off horse ; seconds later , two officers stun him with tasers .
the suspect was taken back into police custody after he abandoned the car and attempted to escape on foot .
the man , currently in the birmingham city jail , is expected to be formally charged on monday .
maps were created by the eco experts based on data from the world bank .
rose mcgrath was diagnosed with luekemia in 2012 and even though she just finished her treatment she still feels ill a lot of the time .
charlene wall jeffs , 58 , is one of a reported nine wives of lyle jeffs .
the couple married in 1983 and have 10 children together .
alleged the church only allow a group of men called ` seed bearers'to impregnate women , and the husbands stand by holding their wife 's hand .
her brother-in-law steve spowart decided to paddle out on his surfboard to rescue them .
it took six hours in total to bring the horses up to the safety of ms sharrock 's hilltop garden .
fbi revealed it has paid $ 13 , 000 to a man who once tried to flee to syria but was caught and agreed to cooperate .
zeid ra'ad al husein urged britain to crack down on ` inciting racial hatred '
20-year-old woman was hit by bullet at 11pm on wednesday night .
the cheeky cards were given by men to women in 19th century america .
they dumped the tv in bath filled with water and slashed sofas and chairs during the wanton wrecking spree-before stopping for bread and butter .
the transaction did not lead to his release and his family have since slammed the us government for their ` disappointing'reaction .
kyle placed the large trunk into natural split of tree and cut it down to size .
he stabbed her at her home in the lungs , liver and heart with kitchen knife .
scientists at university college london took mri scans of comedians , barristers and radio hosts while they talked non stop for 30 seconds .
analysts believe apple feared lines for the new device outside their stores may have been embarrassingly small .
attack in top gear magazine came day after he sensationally quit bbc .
imran uddin , 25 , used a keyboard spying device to obtain staff passwords .
he backed over his 18-month-old son jackson and killed him .
hoey also admitted he coerced his other sex partner that night , nicole zobkiw , into lying about what happened to a grand jury .
hoey continued supplying cocaine to friends at wild parties after her death .
morgan geyser , 12 , is remanded on $ 500 , 000 bail for the first-degree attempted murder of payton leutner in waukesha may 2014 .
flamboyant millionaire businessman is carole middleton 's younger brother .
mr goldsmith was walking in regents park when the incident happened .
officers finally caught up with him at a cafe in lincoln in november .
he was has now been jailed for eight months over domestic violence .
veterinarians removed 40lbs off shelby , who has since recovered .
he pleaded not guilty on grounds of insanity at london 's old bailey today .
dallas isd police said she had been in a relationship with student , who is older than 17 years old , for a couple of months .
service records include two of actor joel edgerton 's great grand-uncles who fought in gallipoli 100 years ago .
aged 20 , she analysed metal in its laboratory for bristol hercules engines .
afghanistan veteran bobby burnett regularly beat partner samantha chudley and forced her to hand over passwords for e-mail and facebook .
the event has been met with awe-inspiring and shocking displays of faith from christians across five continents .
was put into a paralysed state on a ventilator to help him breathe .
evans initially lied that she fell asleep at home and woke up to discover her daughter with plastic bag over her face .
reality tv star is meeting party leaders to try to understand the election .
farage is a keen angler and essex used to work at billingsgate fish market .
ford announced at a press conference on thursday that he will undergo a 8-10 hour surgery to remove a tumor on may 11 .
but before chasing dream he turned to the church to ` make sense of life '
alison hargreaves , 32 , was killed in 1995 as she descended from k2 .
kim , 27 , looked chic in a big hat and off-the-shoulder dress in miami .
pensioner alan spencer 's life was saved by his 18-month old labrador lexi .
another man who controlled the team and the soccer league is also listed in the lawsuit .
a day later , 200 protesters blocked central delhi to demand immediate arrest of the attackers .
italian photographer giovanna griffo , 42 , shares her talents with images of the northern lights and other locations .
war hero and vc winner mark donaldson is an sas trainer in perth .
they take issue with characters like homeland 's carrie mathison and state of affairs'charlie tucker who act as honey-pots to thwart terrorist plots .
british expat friend : ` it was like something out of your worst nightmare '
the vessel does not have its own form or propulsion and relies on tugs to tow it to the area of study .
the 355-foot vessel can flip 90 degrees in 20 minutes allowing researchers a unique opportunity to study the ocean .
remains were discovered saturday on fourth avenue in san francisco .
cleveland , ohio , officer michael brelo is facing two counts of manslaughter .
rookie said he learned about hood ` because-lsb-brelo-rsb-was talking about it '
timothy russell , 43 , and malissa williams , 30 , killed during 2012 shooting .
judge will decide brelo 's fate and he faces a max sentence of 25 years .
one of the images posted on the disciples of the new dawn facebook page has been shared nearly 80 , 000 times since it was posted on sunday .
hunt under way for carl garry chapman , 32 , seen driving with the victim after the alleged abduction and is understood to now have a firearm .
sturgeon says she will put labour in power even if tories win more seats .
pm said he understood why tory supporters had backed nigel farage .
the mother-of-two said she confronted kandrick after the voicemail and said ` my husband will not handle me at all '
ella may rudd left a scathing review on facebook for the maaco auto body shop in hagerstown , maryland after 10 visits to fix a leak .
ms postle sent them to health authorities but they have failed to explain it .
queensland mother angela postle discovered the phenomenon last month .
apple watch 1 will be released on friday but they say you might be better off waiting until next year for version two .
tech heads say the new apple watch could be'a waste of money '
three-year-old dog was caught in cage trap on monday night in palmer , alaska , and will be reunited with allaway on april 28 .
natali castellanos-tyler , 30 , married mother of three from virginia , was killed when she crashed into tree february 21 .
tracy walters , 48 , and husband ian , 51 , had been on a ` make or break trip '
was caught during an investigation into colleague jill curry , 39 .
trust has said the figure was based on the number of parcels handed out .
nasa is on track to launch the james webb telescope in three years .
norris , 51 , only stopped when his estranged wife ` played dead '
martinez shot at him four times-striking him in the leg-and when the man pulled over , he kicked him off his bike .
gaydos ran a stop sign and fled while driving on a suspended license .
wellness blogger belle gibson has finally admitted she never had cancer .
rep steve knight representing 25th congressional district in california was confronted by activists from right-wing group friday .
protesters accused knight of voting for immigrant ` amnesty'during congressional battle over homeland security funding bill .
david cameron said the footage , which he tweeted , would ` shock'voters .
the former snp leader said he would be in charge of labour 's first budget .
peter thinks president obama needs to work on his speeches and that the united states should bomb syria .
items in the range include a # 2 . 79 set of party cups and straws for # 3 . 49 .
swain quit two-thirds of a mile into 1 . 8-mile journey and said it was like ` swimming into a dirty diaper '
comres survey for itv shows ukip falling behind in key constituencies .
he said :'i just can not read mr cameron 's mind . it 's a foreign country to me '
he claimed mr cameron was a pr advisor as well as a special advisor .
lord tebbit said figures such as churchill had careers before politics .
campaigner was photographed moments before his murder in rural aleppo .
police arrested rebecca grant , 40 , for breaching bail conditions .
lord janner signed over the deeds of his flat in hampstead north london .
women will be whipped if they refuse to cover up in public .
mr farage also accepted that he used explosive language to get noticed .
she says she later found robert haney being eaten by her pigs and shot him out of mercy .
dr mehmet oz is vice chairman at columbia 's college of physicians and surgeons and is a professor of surgery .
the funeral will take place at the same venue where she had planned to marry aaron leeson-woolley .
leeton high school have reached out to the community to commend them for the strength they have shown in the face of immeasurable grief .
but the animal is challenged by two advancing large eagles who surround him as he holds bone in his jaws .
as the fox and eagles clash , it becomes clear the young fox is destined to lose the battle against his larger foes .
institute for fiscal studies says taxes will be # 12b higher under labour .
after a year of planning , she says she ` knew something had to go wrong '
police believe that he is still in the u . s . and is considered to be dangerous .
he allegedly killed his wife , palak bhadreskumar patel , on april 12 in hanover , maryland .
mr stewart said that like any other dog , dusty is either eating or sleeping .
nurse deborah roberts forced a wet wipe into phyllis hadlow 's mouth .
three colleagues turned down cash from former prime minister in march .
he 's yet to play in nfl game but predicted to make $ 510 , 000 next season .
new headaches include revelations about foreign funds flowing into the clintons'family foundation while she was secretary of state .
the federal court ruled this week he is banned from returning to australia and the ` the maltese falcon'has been ordered to pay court costs .
body of missing chef , 35 when she disappeared in 2009 , has n't been found .
duke university study looked at 1 , 000 years of temperature records .
found that natural variability can slow or speed the rate of warming .
report also found the pilot was ` relatively new'to the cessna 310 aircraft .
the drunk 23-year-old was being treated after receiving a head injury .
carrie reichert said she felt overdressed after seeing his ` cute naked a * * '
jamie was 15st by the age of 15 but went on a strict vegan diet .
ban is also partly due to the brand sharing its name with a greek goddess .
bulgaria 's black sea resorts cheaper than hotspots in italy , spain and turkey .
three of five victims profiled in the book sat down with abc 's nightline wednesday night .
` we'll be even more transparent ,'chelsea pledged , saying that ` we wo n't take new government funding , but that the work will continue as it is '
former first daughter is now vice chair of the bill , hillary and chelsea clinton foundation .
on april 7 , thenga adams , flying from guyana in south america was arrested for allegedly smuggling $ 30 , 000 worth of cocaine in his sneakers .
she had been travelling from hull to work in brough , east yorkshire .
judge ruled wednesday that robinson 's lawyers waited too long to file an insanity defense earlier this month , with her trial set to start next week .
giselle and kristina visit the park once a month and giselle wears dresses bought by her mother .
party 's economic spokesperson today faced questions on the scenario .
gang used power tool to cut a hole into basement of safety deposit centre .
medley has said after being told by byrd 's supporters that parma 's police officers were going to be fired , he decided to quit .
claims there would be a ` constitutional crisis'if nationalists call the shots .
photographer graeme oxby documented dedicated impersonators at a number of elvis tribute events across britain .
he sustained serious head injuries in a motorbike accident last year .
ship with 1 , 500 passengers aboard left tampa , florida , for a two-week caribbean cruise on sunday .
lane smith died after falling and hitting his head in july 2014-just a few weeks before his girlfriend , sierra sharry , gave birth to their son , taos .
` this is how i picture us , 'sharry said . ` taos and i living our lives the best we can with lane always watching over our shoulder '
dramatic footage released today shows prince harry flying two-seater spitfire over the english channel last august .
during this time , ms king was also involved with her older sister , leona .
bunkie king was a 15-year-old sydney schoolgirl when she met the actor .
officials for the city say they would never arrest someone for not mowing their lawn and that yoes had plenty of opportunities to work with them .
when he received notice that he owed $ 1 , 700 and that there was a warrant out of his arrest , yoes reported to jail instead of paying the fine .
sharon freundel gave a lecture on dealing with traumatic incidents at a jewish school in maryland on march 22 .
jennifer mcgirr , 61 , said windows to tower view hotel in blackpool were smashed and she received intimidating phone calls .
some tenants are gathering signatures to get 41-year-old body reinstated as the building 's ever-effervescent doorman .
dr omar saadi al-atraqchi , 42 , is a family doctor specialising in urology .
he was caught cutting holes in empty lynx shampoo bottles to hide an iphone inside so he could lay it in cubicles to secretly film men showering .
general hinted that ongoing airstrikes may require support on the ground .
her attacker took photographs and had sex with her , she told detectives .
told police a lighter was held to her face and she was forced to undress .
each call was found to relate to different contexts like foraging , meeting neighbours , singing to mates or warning others about a predator nearby .
real housewives of new jersey star has had his driving license suspended for two years and was fined the maximum of $ 10 , 000 .
guilty plea included an 18-month sentence that will run concurrent with his 41-month federal sentence for bankruptcy fraud and failing to file taxes .
manning tweeted out thanks to her supporters-including rage against the machine frontman tom morello .
said attempts to return crimea to ukraine will be dealt with as an invasion .
hassan rouhani also urged world powers to fulfil their part of agreement .
horse suffered a wobble that threw jockey lewis ferguson in a freak fall .
intel 's reported purchase of altera still has yet to happen , and the news has actually caused the price of intel shares to fall .
the shares were sold to the trader at $ 36 , and just 28 minutes later , when the market closed , shares were selling for $ 44 . 39 .
the writer battled greasy hair and dandruff for nearly two months before locks became silkier and ` totally frizz-free '
health and social services department alerted force to their ` concerns '
teacher tries to give lesson by showing effect of an axe on a cinder block , but misjudges swing , bringing tool directly into fellow teacher 's groin .
as a child she had numerous limb-lengthening surgeries to ensure that she would be taller than 3'8-the current size of her three-year-old son titan .
thousands of children have fled embattled country to seek refuge in jordan .
he is the 16th french winner of the top flight 's monthly accolade .
freddie sears put ipswich ahead from close range after six minutes .
rickie fowler responded to online troll who abused his girlfriend .
mark wood part of the england squad flying to the caribbean .
yorkshire cancelled the contract to pakistan batsman younis khan .
indian batsman joins division one champions until end of may .
striker suffered a shinbone injury in a reserve match vs aberdeen in 2000 .
darren gough was kevin pietersen 's best man and is a close friend of his .
villa has scored one goal since his move and seems to be enjoying the us .
student frenki jung , 17 , from sambas , borneo captured dramatic images , he shot the close-ups in his front garden .
jose mourinho said he is proud to work with underprivileged people .
tributes flowed in on friday morning for the voice of australian cricket .
former australian captain died peacefully in his sleep at a sydney hospice .
mep patrick o'flynn says party still resorts to ` boorishness or chauvinism '
bus carrying 40 players and staff back from away game was attacked .
man utd are currently fourth in the premier league table after a 2-1 win over rivals liverpool at anfield last time out .
jonathon stevenson wrote a letter to richie benaud back in 1996 .
cricket legend died in his sleep on thursday night in a sydney hospice .
stevenson , who now works at livewire sport , tweeted the letter on friday .
ander herrera nets either side of wayne rooney in manchester united win .
tried to dodge it , but fell , leaving his heel exposed when javelin struck .
jonathan stevenson wrote a letter to richie benaud back in 1996 .
cricket legend died in his sleep on thursday night in a sydney hospice .
stevenson , who now works at livewire sport , tweeted the letter on friday .
the moment is one to forget for chelsea goalkeeper thibaut courtois .
piglet was born in china with only two front legs has learned to walk .
villagers have flocked to see the two-legged animal in qionglai city .
this cute toddler 's talented balancing skills have made her an internet hit .
former england captain has a chequered past with peter moores .
mario balotelli was absent from the squad due to a training ground knock .
chelsea star diego costa looks set to miss his side 's next two games .
mcginley said mcilroy intimidates opponents , but not like tiger woods did .
ms rimer said the last 20 years have been like a ` life sentence'for family .
alleged kidnapper 's neighbor said the woman had told her she was pregnant with twins but that one had died during birth .
labour leader out campaigning in bristol after going to ground over easter .
mathew sitko , 23 , crashed his car and ended up hanging over a cliff edge in lewiston , idaho in an'em otional episode'wednesday morning .
jason warnock , 29 , was nearby when he saw the car above so he climbed up a footbridge and ran to the edge of the cliff and pulled the man out .
he was found ` poorly , thin and grumpy'on julia hill 's doorstep last week .
they show fish keeping their distance , perhaps proving they are scared .
it has since been shut down by its principal owner , canadian millionaire gordon lownds .
designers luke sales and anna plunkett presented a typically eccentric collection of bold prints and colour .
prime minister david cameron says tories have overseen a ` jobs miracle '
the deal , announced thursday , is scheduled to be finalized by june 30 .
senate foreign relations committee is due to meet april 14 to consider corker 's legislation to ensure congress debates and signs off any pact .
kim kardashian and kanye west , along with their daughter north and sister khloe , are visiting armenia .
jordan sharifi , 17 , ` gave raymond howell , jr . , 14 , a gun and ammunition to protect himself from bullies but raymond used the gun to take his life '
sharifi found his friend 's body in a rain culvert on thursday morning ` and threw the gun in a nearby drainage tunnel '
raymond left him a note before he took his life , sharifi said .
rebecca hannibal , 19 , was first charged with supplying ecstasy to ms bartter in december but originally pleaded not guilty .
he said after he halved his income , his payment dropped by two thirds .
one parent said he quit his job so he would n't have to face a $ 600 increase .
image shows two women hugging among commuters on a train platform .
garlington and hudson dated from 1962 until 1965 , and hudson called him his ` one true love '
his jurisdiction , which contains the simpson desert , is the size of the uk .
she is now selling the 14-room penthouse at a $ 75million asking price , since she does n't spend much time at the home anymore .
demi moore and bruce willis purchased the south tower penthouse at the san remo in 1990 , in addition to a maisonette on the lobby floor .
certain products at retailer are more expensive per unit than supermarkets .
the lake will either be drained or the fish removed using electroshocking , where an electrical current is put in the water , paralyzing the fish .
the queen is the most followed royal on twitter with 970 , 000 followers .
top celebrities include katy perry , justin bieber and taylor swift .
santana has been hailed a hero for filming the moment officer michael slager fired eight shots at scott as he ran away on saturday , killing him .
her owner launched their own rescue but was unable to grab the pet .
she was left with prominent scarring ` dragging down her earlobes '
stressed out parents can head for the woodland spa while their little ones play sport or do art classes .
bayern munich beat porto 6-1 in the champions league on tuesday .
floyd mayweather and manny pacquiao fight in las vegas on may 2 .
terry 's personal best is 37 premier league appearances in 2009-2010 .
john terry has started in each of chelsea 's 33 premier league games .
nolito scores opener after just nine minutes to put his side in unlikely lead .
james rodriguez puts side in lead before hernandez 's second of the night .
kei nishikori won in straights sets over surprise finalist pablo andujar .
the ea sports team sees diego costa and nemanja matic miss out .
sergio aguero , santi cazorla , aaron cresswell and phil jagielka also in .
chelsea 's six representatives this year brings them to a total of 29 .
bafetimbi gomis suffered a grade two hamstring tear earlier this month .
gomis returned to france to work on recovery and spend time with family .
henry 's former side drew 0-0 with chelsea at the emirates stadium .
jose mourinho started with no striker despite having didier drogba .
fa cup final is on may 30-same day federici will marry his girlfriend .
uruguayan striker 's scoring record in ligue 1 is n't what it should be .
foot locker have released new manny pacquiao advert ahead of fight .
tom brady was nowhere to be seen , citing ` family commitments'as reason .
xavi came on at half-time to make his 148th appearance in the competition .
motherwell will make stand and offer free tickets in event of finishing 11th .
` we talked about how life was without our mom . about how much we love each other , 'said one of boys , aged 10 .
she said she would like to go into ` mainstream politics'in the future .
dunning checked his ticket throughout the day to make sure it was there .
ronald butcher , 75 , left his entire life savings to builder daniel sharp .
gularte was shot by a firing squad alongside australians andrew chan and myuran sukumaran and five other death row inmates .
he was arrested in 2004 for attempting to smuggle six kilograms of cocaine into indonesia hidden inside a surfboard .
he then flew back out to sea and jumped from the helicopter seconds before it crashed into the sea .
nguyen flew the helicopter to the south china sea , but had to evacuate everyone when fuel ran low .
ukip leader said he would accept the result of any future eu referendum .
manchester united to field offers of # 10million for 26-year-old hernandez .
ukip leader blames former scottish first minister for fuelling resentment .
captain lee mcculloch was booed by rangers supporters last weekend .
kefalonia is stunning and does n't play the captain corelli 's mandolin card .
glasgow man , 21 , appeared in court today in connection with her death .
phil haste , 60 , issued with # 50 fine for not showing tax disk in his car .
secretary of state john kerry hits out at iran 's support of houthi fighters .
metal bars have been fitted to close off balconies facing central court at hengshui no 2 middle school .
two decades after they left , their mother died and the house was passed to them .
agent arthur baldwin arrested in south-east washington at 12 : 30 am friday .
secret service bosses also suspended his security clearance .
kim sears married andy murray yesterday in a jenny packham gown .
steve ashton was horrified by the meal served to his mother joan , 81 .
head of the geelong college was photographed watching porn at work .
study reveals that 20 per cent of people would carry out diy dentistry .
alex salmond bidding to be an mp after quitting as first minister last year .
containers were also used to build a stunning two-story glass-paneled tower that mirrors the shape of the pool .
architect matt mooney wanted to stay true to the materials and thus left the ceilings exposed to show the containers .
personal friend of ` the colonel 'sanders who was ` kind'but ` forthright '
established uk franchise of restaurant in preston , lancashire , in 1965 .
87-year-old said company had strayed and should have ` stuck to chicken '
duchess of cambridge has worn high street label during both pregnancies .
owner of a fish farm which operates from the lake says he found evidence the water was polluted with ammonia .
the worn , red chair , from washington d . c . 's ford 's theatre , is usually kept in an enclosed case but will be put in an open plaza on april 15 .
thaddeus mccarroll , 23 , was fatally shot outside his mother 's home on friday night after he charged at police with a knife .
mccarroll 's mother called police and told them he spoke of ` going on a joury ,'a ` black revolution ,'and carried a samurai sword and knives .
last year 15 million people fell victim to the symptoms of hayfever .
this year that number is expected to rise by a third to 20 million .
marilyn zuniga allowed her third grade pupils to write to killer abu-jamal .
defra warns asthma sufferers and people with lung problems of ` very high'air pollution in south east tomorrow .
hilary border , 54 , pleaded guilty to fraud and has been spared jail .
their commanding officer said it would be'a strain to leave'after putting down ` deep roots'in norfolk .
brelo 's footprints were found on hood of chevy malibu where they died .
judge will decide brelo 's fate and he faces a max sentence of 25 years .
rookie said he learned about hood ` because-lsb-brelo-rsb-was talking about it '
an anonymous waitress revealed how john key kept pulling her hair .
it was expected jackson would wake paralysed from the extremely risky op .
in-room amenities include : separate elevator access , three bedrooms , library , cinema , and a private full-service spa .
the luxurious hotel room is suspended 200m above the ground and offers stunning views of the arabian gulf .
mr miliband lives in a four-storey victorian town house worth # 2 . 7 million .
comes after he faced ridicule over revelations that he had two kitchens .
after other parents expressed their suspicions , mrs clawson ` provided them with the number of a nurse-which led to her own mother 's phone '
they ` set up the page claiming the couple 's three-year-old daughter had a heart infection after undergoing surgery and asked for $ 3 , 000 '
` my tattoos never stopped me from shooting anyone , 'said knapp of jacksonville , north carolina .
funeral for murdered school teacher stephanie scott was held outside eugowra in central-west nsw on wednesday .
ganjendra singh , 41 , took his own life during a demonstration in delhi .
posed as a social worker to lure fleming and her baby from their home .
jones had faked a pregnancy and planned to claim the baby girl , serenity .
blake , 27 , welcomed daughter james with ryan reynolds in january .
former child star was nominated for the office by richard nixon in 1969 and the fbi was called in to check she was suitable .
latasha gosling , 27 , of tisdale , saskatchewan , was found murdered in her home early wednesday .
hours later police found the suspect dead at his residence , along with a six-month-old baby who was unharmed .
the two jets have been permanent fixtures at memphis estate for 30 years .
chowdhury was convicted of murder and will be sentenced on may 1 .
torres shot another men 10 days before siler killing .
king goodwill zwelithini allegedly compared foreigners to ` ants'and ` lice '
engineer-turned-science-tv-host told a white house pool reporter that he loves the smell of jet fuel .
marv was stuck upside down in the small enclosed space for two hours .
pet cat marv became stuck in five inch gap between two garages in bristol .
the blog 's inspiration , humans of new york , was started by new york photographer brandon stanton and features street portraits accompanied by quotes from the subjects .
victim suffered 70 per cent burns after dousing herself in kerosene .
he was seen driving at up to 50mph in a 30mph zone by a police officer .
a trump social media employee-- one of ten on his staff who help with twitter and other platforms-- retweeted the message .
black mass is set to be released in september 2015 .
the prime minister defended his actions , saying he had already apologised .
she explains that there is a bit of belle in all of us as we are born to bond .
sex abuser discovered the bus empty with its keys inside in emery county .
portuguese forward has achievements marked by special shirt presented to him by club president florentino perez .
french striker karim benzema will miss the game after picking up a knee injury against atletico madrid .
pacquiao responded to one question in what was supposed to be his last media event before travelling to las vegas for may 2 fight .
luis suarez makes it 2-0 after a brilliant individual goal-nutmegging david luiz before beating two more defenders .
south american duo shared a joke in training ahead of champions league .
monaco face juventus in champions league quarter-final second leg .
arsenal reached the fa cup final despite failing to live up to recent form .
his record surpasses those of rafa benitez and sir alex ferguson .
he has 101 clean sheets from 189 games , conceding only 120 goals .
bruno labbadia has returned as coach to save hamburg from relegation .
napoli beat wolfsburg 4-1 in uefa europa league sensation .
ap mccoy wins second feature race at grand national festival .
chernova has since been found to have failed a test in 2009 .
she has been banned but her 2011 world championship title still remains .
ander herrera has scored seven goals since joining manchester united .
her grandmother patty lawing 's priceless reaction is captured on film .
the atletico striker came to blows with sergio ramos and dani carvajal .
the traveller slept through the entire trip , missing sloths and monkeys .
jim murphy scored winning penalty in charity shootout in edinburgh .
aston villa have held talks over cordoba striker florin andone .
inverness reached the scottish cup final with 3-2 win over celtic .
knight ordered to make a public apology following facebook comments .
farley 's impression of the former reds striker left sturridge giggling .
the brazilian is out of contract at the end of the year . . . both arsenal and liverpool are interested in signing the 27-year-old .
cristiano ronaldo and lionel messi have netted eight goals this season .
kurt zouma kept an eye on marouane fellaini during chelsea 's 1-0 win .
hazard is one of the main reasons chelsea will win the league , says zidane .
oscar believes that winning the title can push chelsea to further success .
jockey blake shinn lost his pants while riding down the home straight .
his condition , epidermolysis bullosa , has a life expectancy of 25 years .
mila kunis and ashton kutcher respond to impending lawsuit in video .
aaron hernandez was convicted of killing odin lloyd on tuesday and sentenced to life in prison without parole .
the youngster could make a return against newcastle on monday .
he and his anfield team-mates face newcastle on monday evening .
his former team-mate mario balotelli tweeted his delight after the goal .
ferrari finished disappointing fourth in the constructors 'standings in 2014 .
event was a reception for football fighting ebola charity .
pacquiao goes toe-to-toe with floyd mayweather in las vegas on may 2 .
read : pacquiao reveals his colourful mouth guard ahead of his bout .
manny pacquiao 's bout with floyd mayweather less than a month away .
danny ings'contract atburnley expires at the end of the season .
james morrison and craig gardner fired in the goals at selhurst park .
tony pulis 'side beat crystal palace 2-0 on saturday at crystal palace .
on 36 points , the baggies are currently eight clear of the relegation zone .
rafa benitez won the champions league and fa cup with liverpool .
ayoze perez was brought down by a rash challenge from dejan lovren .
marouane fellaini and juan mata both scored in manchester derby win .
middlesbrough 's ben gibson is nephew of club chairman steve .
lifelong boro fan gibson believes the squad has what it takes to secure a return to the big time .
almen abdi scored a third following gary gardner 's goal for the home side .
ryan dearnley won the chance to be a mascot in the fa cup semi-final .
paul scholes hopes ryan giggs will become the next top british manager after working with louis van gaal .
craig cathcart stuck the only goal of the game in the 56th minute .
gary neville has backed manuel pellegrini despite dismal run of form .
barcelona beat paris saint-germain 3-1 in the champions league .
luis suarez nutmegged luiz in lead up to both of his goals .
rugby league world cup has only been held in major countries-australia , new zealand , france and great britain .
manchester city lost 4-2 to manchester united at old trafford on sunday .
gary neville said toure can not handle central midfield against ` quality '
neville used ivorian as an example of ` weeds in the garden'at city .
cook was caught for 13 moments after vaughan 's praise .
manchester city have made liverpool 's raheem sterling a primary target .
england take on the west indies at the sir vivian richards cricket ground .
reading lost 2-1 to arsenal in fa cup semi-final at wembley on saturday .
lynch , 55 , was approved by a 56-43 vote ; ten republicans voted for lynch , including senate majority leader mitch mcconnell .
gop presidential candidate marco rubio did not ; ted cruz tried to stop her nomination from moving forward and was missing during the final vote .
russell ` rusty'yates said his ex-wife 's actions were'a result of her illness '
was convicted of capital murder in 2002 , but in 2006 was found not guilty by reason of insanity-after being diagnosed with postpartum psychosis .
tory government will introduce the new system before march 2016 budget .
the film also stars nick nolte , steve buscemi , blake shelton and taylor lautner , who has previously said he has distant native american ancestry .
he 's a senior member of gaddafi clan and late muammar gaddafi 's cousin .
channel 7 perth reporter monique dirksz got the scoop on cousins'arrest .
california gov . jerry brown rejected parole board 's decision to release davis citing brutality of the killings .
david billing , 48 , diagnosed with cancer after being left unable to swallow .
new letters reveal he had a string of brief relationships with women .
lover cathleen nesbitt suggested that he could ` settle in the wild '
has a commercially licensed mobile food truck where she prepares her meals , but she serves them out of her personal pickup truck .
the phoenix mercury 's brittney griner and her fiancee glory johnson , both 24 , were arrested after a fight in their phoenix home on wednesday .
michelle carter , 18 , appeared in new bedford court thursday over the involuntary manslaughter of conrad roy ii , 18 , who killed himself last july .
carter ` sent roy a series of texts encouraging him to take his own life '
republicans sought closed-door , transcribed interview before public hearing but clinton 's lawyer said she was ready to testify .
girl immediately given medical treatment by quick thinking teacher .
kate temple and sister louise scollen got into a scuffle with miss williams .
doug hughes , 61 , steered his small gyrocopter through protected washington airspace for 30 miles to the u . s . capitol .
hollywood star was furious when questioning suddenly became personal .
stormed off when asked about drugs and his relationship with his father .
philippe bianchi also spoke of the pain his family have gone through .
schofield is now the first transgender male to score a major role on a daytime television show .
claudio bravo kept out a tame penalty from valencia captain dani parejo in the ninth .
brent council told veteran robert clark they were unable to afford his care .
mr clark had already used most of his life savings paying for a live-in carer .
andy awford has been sacked as manager of league two portsmouth .
louis van gaal handed radamel falcao a surprise start against chelsea .
falcao had just 19 touches in the first half at stamford bridge .
ashley does not appear to be listening-he is not a football man .
robert harding traveled to meet the boys from his home in oklahoma after spending months exchanging daily emails .
hearts captain danny wilson is also among deila 's defensive targets .
given a suspended prison sentence and ordered to complete unpaid work .
its former boss stepped down in the wake of damaging council report .
the cheeky reptile nods when asked ` are you hungry?'by her owner .
gazidis fears arsenal may struggle to make champions league in future .
miranda has one year left on his contract with atletico madrid .
the serbian raced away in the final set to claim his fifth miami open title .
golden state warriors beat portland trail blazers 116-105 on thursday .
the son of rod stewart has been replaced after suffering shoulder injury .
the spokane chiefs forward was in line to make his debut for gb .
newcastle have lost their last four premier league games .
john carver 's side lost 1-0 to sunderland in the tyne-wear derby .
alvaro arbeloa said he could n't understand the ` witch hunt'against bale .
atletico madrid could only manage 2-2 draw against malaga on saturday .
defeat leaves city fourth in premier league , four points behind man united .
rory mcilroy bidding to win his first masters title this week at augusta .
mcilroy looking for third straight major victory after winning the open and uspga championship last year .
jack nicklaus showed he 's still got it at the age of 75 with a hole-in-one in the par-3 , but he could n't match camilo villegas who recorded two .
la liga giants instead signed thomas vermaelen and jeremy mathieu .
martinez insists that he is ` innovative'in his tactics and points to the tinkering he employed during everton 's win over southampton on saturday .
romelu lukaku 's agent mino raiola said his client would leave for big club .
spurs will also face sydney fc after taking on a malaysia xi .
chelsea beat stoke 2-1 in premier league at stamford bridge on saturday .
argentina ace rojo has been accused of sleeping with a fitness instructor .
alan pardew left newcastle in 10th place when he departed in december .
dejan lovren was left out of liverpool 's 4-1 defeat to arsenal .
lovren could return for viral fa cup quarter-final replay on wednesday .
bayern confirmed the injury was n't serious but he did n't train on monday .
manuel neuer looking for bayern to build momentum in cup on wednesday .
darren bent pokes home from close range in 92nd minute .
pulis has spoken with his striker about pre-season plans .
pellegrini may lose james milner , forcing him to invest in home talent .
but other nbc employees said williams had always been out of his depth because of his lack of experience and disinterest in ` hard'news .
a new report in vanity fair claims williams lied because he felt insecure taking over from beloved anchor tom brokaw at the nightly news .
suspect had reportedly confessed to murder but later retracted statement .
deputy prime minister won his seat in 2010 with more than 50 % of the vote .
magistrate sharon freund believes she may still want to avoid detection .
cylvia hayes allegedly used her relationship with disgraced governor john kitzhaber to land contracts for her business .
giant pig fell into the swimming pool at his home in ringwood , hampshire .
ian guffick , 31 , allowed pupils to make changes outside exam conditions .
but principal patrick taylor ` told her she was not allowed to wear tuxedo '
charles is touring the county to promote his farming and rural charities .
george and amal submitted plans for a 12-seater cinema , as part of upgrades to their berkshire mansion .
miliband has been accused of hypocrisy after his crackdown backfired .
in traustein , germany , hundreds of horse riders dressed in traditional costume take place in an easter parade .
louis jordan , 37 , released a three-paragraph statement on monday in a bid to answer critics suspicious of his amazing survival story .
the 31-year-old flight attendant will appear on the us-based reality show botched this season to ` assist another patient '
the city 's aviation director said pilots were notified of the closure and the jet could have landed on an adjacent , 10 , 000-foot runway that was lit .
her mother 's boyfriend , robert seman , 46 , was set to go on trial later that day for allegedly molesting her over four years .
she said she felt like a ` failure'and injected herself with animal drugs .
john-jo pierce and rory somerville both pictured in black tie with cigars .
nick to reveal secrets about drug use , strange eating habits , her put-downs of other artists , her sexual proclivities .
but after a nervy 24 hours , engineers successfully made contact again .
esa 's rosetta spacecraft temporarily lost contact with earth .
his ex-girlfriend testified last year that harris kept gerety 's severed head and spoke to it after the slaying .
former first lady told white house usher she wanted to see him alone .
surgery could cost taxpayers up to $ 100 , 000 and is the first time such an operation has been ordered in california .
karen wakefield and family appeared in bbc people like us documentary .
mrs wakefield said her and her husband could also be fined # 1 , 000 each and she ` does n't like being told'when she is allowed to go on holiday .
the rev . robert h . schuller died early thursday at a care facility in artesia , daughter carol schuller milner said .
had ` enormous athletic power'and she could infamously outrun a horse .
but natural england has raised concerns about environmental impact .
later in the video the brown bear attempts to bite the youngster .
bear follows him from left to right and rubs up against glass .
two men were jailed for eight and four years for the brutal attack .
johanna powell from cardiff is feared to have drowned in the mekong river .
ukip leader said it was a ` big diversion'as exploitation not the main issue .
he was given a ct scan , could n't move the left side of his body and was having trouble answering questions , mom amy tarkanian said .
jerry tarkanian , five , was taken to the hospital at 4am on friday after complaining about pain in his legs .
teenager is caring for her baby in cell shared with eight other prisoners .
wiley bridgeman , 60 , and kwame ajamu , 57 , sentenced for 1975 killing .
tv cook gizzi erskine poses at feline feast with her british shorthair cat .
tried to persuade mr thomas to buy ingredients for pipe bomb , court told .
brandt was friends with madonna and other celebs such as stephanie seymour , kelly ripa and joy behar .
mr rickard , 72 , said he acted ` instinctively'to save their beloved pet .
the pirates issued a statement saying she had regained consciousness by the time she was taken to hospital .
horrifying incident caused a 22-minute delay in the game on monday night .
california court ruled rutherford 's ex-husband daniel giersch could take the children to live in france and spend vacations with in the us .
despite the boring diet , nutritionists say her eating habits are balanced .
solis then rolled him over so he would n't get hit by a car when they left the scene .
there was fog in the area when the plane , a cessna 414 , crashed near airport .
ward cryptically tweeted ` my ride to the game was n't bad'before the tragedy .
' i will , i will get him and i am not going to stop until i do , 'she said after kansas authorities placed the boy into protective custody .
shona banda , 37 , has lost custody of her 11-year-old son at least temporarily .
tells rolling stone in revealing interview how she was never a fan of her father 's band , preferring oasis .
owner of white havana cob cody said her horse looked like black beauty .
it took 18 firefighters to free the horse following its six-hour ordeal .
police believe boy was dead during ceremony lasting for hours .
in ceremony caught on video , meza is seen using oils and reciting prayers while holding the child as she tries to revive him .
march 22 ceremony was an attempt to resurrect the child , police claim .
another man has died after the car he was travelling in crashed into trees in melbourne 's east on friday .
st helena , a 122 square kilometre island in the middle of the south atlantic , will soon be much easier to reach .
muslim figures praise the move and say demand will be high .
she also snacks on sand and rocks even though parents try to stop her .
jessica suffers from rare condition pica but doctors say they ca n't treat her until she is six years old .
rex taylor committed suicide by hanging last august , leaving amanda alone with two children .
gary neville praised united 's recent performances against big clubs .
win puts england fourth in series into the final olympic qualifying spot .
he has scored more goals against sevilla than any other opponent .
novak djokovic lost his cool during sunday 's final showdown in miami .
former footballer woke up in middle of the night to find his leg was cold .
the 14-time major winner was joined by his children sam , 8 , and charlie , 6 , as well as longterm girlfriend lindsey vonn , 30 .
adam leheup ran fitness 535 in columbia , south carolina and was a devoted youth ministry teacher and worked as a property manager .
commentary box colleagues and cricketing greats gathered afterwards for memorial .
jan oblak was excellent in goal for atletico to keep real at bay .
carlo ancelotti admitted that oblak ` did a great job'to keep his side out .
kieran lee 's second-half goal wins the game for sheffield wednesday .
the three-inch house spider crawls across his chin and runs up his cheek .
new technology allows parents of ivf children to view babies'conception .
austria boss marcel koller said ` he switches in the summer to england '
scholes says sterling does not score enough goals .
left-back gaya , 19 , is also the subject of interest from real madrid .
the premier league clubs are willing to pay his # 13m buyout clause .
williams has abandoned idea for underground extension to his mansion .
the pop star has now scaled back his proposal and submitted fresh plans .
international tennis federation ruled bedene ca n't play for great britain .
novak djokovic beat andy murray 7-6 4-6 6-0 in miami open 2015 final .
lewis hamilton claimed his third straight pole position of the season .
ap mccoy wins second feature race at grand national festival .
ian bell and joe root try new model helmet , which was released after phillip hughes'death late last year .
warwickshire batsman was promoted to open , but failed in first innings .
jonathan trott out after three balls , caught by darren bravo at slip .
manchester united legends throw a netball and click along to music .
tracey neville is coach of manchester thunder netball team .
martinez also confirmed he wants to keep aaron lennon at goodison park .
liverpool beat newcastle united 2-0 at anfield on monday night .
redknapp left the premier league side in february citing knee problems .
downton 's exit is not expected to be the last following poor world cup .
the town of garnet in montana was established in the 1860s by miners looking for gold and silver .
in the past 12 months alone she has amassed $ 47 million-lrb-or $ 128 , 000 a day-rrb-.
she is the highest-paid supermodel for the last 10 years and worth a staggering $ 386 million .
norway beat northern ireland 8-1 to keep things tight in group 4 .
three lions earn 3-1 victory against switzerland meaning a 2-2 will be enough for european championship qualification .
he was one of ten men arrested in the last week by nashua , new hampshire , police in prostitution sting .
unlike kim kardashian however , chris does n't believe rita will be going back to brunette any time soon .
angela maxwell returned to coningsby community hall yesterday morning .
100 tons of rupees belonging to the uk treasury thought to be lost forever .
ss city of cairo sunk by u-boat en route from bombay to england in 1942 .
lee invited the woman , her brother and friends back to the house after they met at trendy restaurant .
wheel narrowly missed martin johnson and granddaughter charly pennett .
he told police they had a conversation about rap music before man in dmx 's entourage allegedly pulled out a gun and demanded money .
the boy held the rings and wore a suit as his parents wed at his bedside .
then squeezed down narrow chute and snaked along floor to avoid beam .
on friday the 50-year-old food network star filed for divorce .
his actress spouse is said to be not happy with the prenup in place .
he denies all charges and tells a court the offences ` did not happen '
superfans have set up camp outside st mary 's hospital in paddington .
lance futch , 26 , was shocked to discover that his ` informal meeting'with a federal official to discuss jobs for veterans was actually with president barack obama .
futch works for utah solar energy company vivant solar and discussed with the president whether the field offered stable career paths for veterans .
his two younger sons abdullah and jaffar were killed in syria last year .
amer is also in syria fighting isis and the country 's government forces .
state senator says the ` air knife'elicited episodes in his autistic son .
austin west , 4 , slipped and fell into backyard pool in north carolina april 6 .
youngster grew distressed as temperatures hit 23c in london and the heat inside the vehicle became unbearable .
an arbitrator ruled that he will not be disciplined for the latest relapse but angels'owner arte moreno said hamilton might not return to the team .
josh hamilton , 33 , filed for divorce from his wife katie in february-around the time he self-reported a cocaine and alcohol relapse .
cuban leader met venezuelans in havana ` for hours , 'state media says .
longtime president had met in private with cuban spies in february .
klawiter claims he does n't need the money and has a successful business but at least one manfacturer has asked him to remove its logo from his site .
family said that upright would most likely be ` up there giggling right now '
thousands attend reclaim australia rallies across the country .
alissa sizemore , from vernal , utah , was only seven-years-old when her right leg had to be amputated below the knee after she was hit by a truck .
the then nine-year-old female called varvara swam from russia to breeding grounds near mexico during five-and-a-half months in 2011 .
were moved from bali jail to the island they will be executed on last month .
an anonymous post on pastebin . com claims to reveal addresses of fbi director james comey , dhs director charles johnson and others .
tory source says interview ` sums up'clegg , who ` is like a petulant child '
a publicist for the disney film announced the return of the leading man was ` entirely dependent'on his recovery from surgery .
on saturday , searchers from boy scout troop found a body ten feet from mississippi river 's edge which was identified as barway .
finance minister said country was committed to changes at last repayment .
imf europe head says bail-out negotiations with athens are ` not working '
a coroner found child protection agency broken and fundamentally flawed .
but after tying the knot , sir paul 's daughters looked decidedly glum .
a passer-by smashed the window and dragged him to safety .
driver sitko , 23 , crashed off the road and drove through property .
northern california got a day of much needed rains this week but the storm will do little to remedy the historic drought .
bbc sacked clarkson after he hit top gear producer oisin tymon in public .
oleg kalashnikov died of gunshot wounds , ukraine 's interior ministry said .
they ` all played naked twister and lehnardt had sex with an 18-year-old man in the bathroom before playing with sex toys in front of the teens '
rachel lehnardt , 35 , ` allowed her 16-year-old daughter and her friends drink alcohol and smoke marijuana in her georgia home '
she said she went to bed alone but awoke to her daughter 's 16-year-old boyfriend having sex with her ; there are no charges against him .
dog meat would be sold to unwitting customers at the fast food outlet .
hometown hero , andy murray , to wed kim sears in dunblane cathedral .
rampaging isis militants have seized up to 90 per cent of yarmouk camp .
he is also accused of forcing them to make child pornography .
college judicial committee found alpha delta responsible for causing harm to pledges and violating terms of suspension for alcohol violations .
family face devastating task of continuing search and planning funeral .
suddenly the whole herd are compelled to run towards the sound .
miliband defends labour 's pink bus touring country to woo women .
the dancer says she 's thrilled at the positive reception her ted talk has received , adding that she believes it means ` body-positivity'is working .
she says she likes performing burlesque because it helps open people up to liking different body types .
cctv footage showed her plucking two hairs from the head of a young girl .
an article of 15 april reported on a channel 4 investigation into the treatment of salad and vegetable workers in southern spain who live and work in filthy conditions without basic toilet and hand washing facilities , forcing them to urinate near produce . those allegations were not made against agroherni group in murcia but relate to separate companies elsewhere in spain , in almeria . we apologise to the agroherni group for any damage caused .
spain were defeated 2-0 by holland at the amsterdam arena on tuesday .
anigo compared ibrahimovic to former man united striker eric cantona .
jose anigo insists marseille fans would have loved to have seen zlatan ibrahimovic at the stade velodrome .
the island 's population currently stands at just 500 , 000 people .
falcao has not found his best form , but wants to stay at old trafford .
new location should start producing sedge for the bison to feed on .
contraption , made in czech republic , is powered by a two-stroke engine .
valencia were held to a 1-1 draw by athletic bilbao after aritz aduriz netted .
defender has an option for a two-year deal at black cats if they stay up .
louis van gaal 's side lead their local rivals by one point in premier league .
aston villa 's jack grealish earned first premier league start this week .
world no 1 now faces john isner , who beat kei nishikori 6-4 , 6-3 .
tryster won the coral easter classic at all weather finals in lingfield .
young 's wasps side lost 32-18 to toulon in champions cup last eight .
england 's stuart broad collapsed clutching his left ankle in second over .
midfielder jack grealish watched villa as a fan at wembley twice in 2010 .
julian speroni signed from dundee in 2004 and is a crystal palace legend .
hull lost 3-1 to swansea to slip towards relegation zone .
however , foxes striker david nugent failed to convert the penalty as spanish goalkeeper adrian saved smartly .
west brom lost 3-2 to qpr earlier in the season having led the game 2-0 .
hoops midfielder joey barton accused the baggies of losing their cool in a result that would contribute to former manager alan irvine 's sacking .
centre-back has trained with west ham first team this season .
deila believes most clubs in division would benefit from artificial surfaces .
ronny deila criticised the st mirren park pitch after friday night 's win .
stuart mccall has led rangers to three successive wins in recent weeks .
benzema believes ronaldo ` deserves everything he has achieved '
karim benzema scored twice for carlo ancelotti 's real madrid side .
christian benteke is currently paid # 50 , 000 per week at aston villa .
the manchester united boss said he kissed herrera at half-time .
louis van gaal wanted ander herrera to control the ball before shooting .
earlier this week the bolton-born fighter announced his return to the ring .
aurelio de laurentiis furious after semi-final elimination by lazio .
paul failed field sobriety tests before being taken to a hospital for facial injuries-authorities say suspects in that situation are not arrested .
jan jones bought bottle of tesco finest garnacha wine as a present .
police said driver broke traffic regulations but they failed to track him down .
officials believe that he used software to make fake transactions .
durst is also charged with murder in california .
jailed millionaire arrested in march for ` gun and marijuana possession '
school friends and prince william 's family will play crucial supporting role .
the prime minister travelled from london to penzance on the sleeper train .
barry beavis took on private car park operators over ` unfair'charges .
theresa dybalski , of lakawanna , new york , was given the lottery ticket inside a birthday card from a friend .
her friend who gave her the card died shorty after she won .
dybalski plans on sharing the money with her and her friend 's family and plans to address'a couple issues around the house '
nasa scientists in california have released an image of distant giant cluster of 3 , 000 stars called westerlund 2 .
it was launched on 24 april 1990 and , after a shaky start , has had a hugely successful career .
tipler was ordered to pay pay back just # 28 , 737 within six months or spend another 18 months in prison . she is already serving four years .
appears to be rolling a joint and is beside box of green substance .
` she was the sole reason why i was living and breathing and able to come home to my son and wife , 'said mcdonald of his four legged partner .
it 's believed karen middleton sbs political reporter 's departure comes after she did n't ` fit the bill '
wild asian elephant was trapped in a swamp in rural southern china .
willa junior took a nap in the cargo hold of a plane at seattle-tacoma airport on april 13 , and woke up after the flight to los angeles took off .
experts have discovered a flaw in older versions of the android system .
mr cook has refused to do so , even though he could face serious charges .
the private island off the costa verde is three hours by car or 40 minutes by helicopter from rio de janeiro .
anne germain , 86 , was killed by the flood waters on wednesday .
david cameron travelled to cornwall overnight on paddington sleeper .
she avoids alcohol , only eats certain fruits and has five smalls meals a day .
husband edward was given # 9 , 000 for ` shock'and being ` secondary victim '
viviana keith , 27 , reported to be drunk at a nail salon in red rock , texas .
up to 900 migrants are feared drowned after their boat to europe capsized .
brady cited ` prior family commitments'in bowing out of meeting with obama .
tyrrell was arrested wednesday on capital murder charges and is being held on $ 1million bond .
she and her husband bradley cocks paid $ 4 . 45 million for it back in 2009 .
new nike advert shows portrays a young mcilroy 's rise to the top .
neymar struggled to impress in barcelona 's slender win over celta vigo .
belgian international also grabbed an assist for loic remy to bag a winner .
20-year-old has come a long way since being lectured by rodgers in tv documentary in the summer of 2012 .
paul casey left the european tour to get back into world 's top 50 .
united 's last defeat came against rivals dundee on wednesday .
ayew fits into tottenham 's blueprint and can move for free in the summer .
he says sterling does not owe his career to the anfield club .
brendan rodgers has confirmed that sterling will start against arsenal .
back in december , bush , who suffers from parkinson 's , was hospitalized for shortness of breath for about a week .
bush , 90 , lives in the houston area with his wife barbara and has attended many atp fundraisers and charity events throughout the years .
result condemned yeovil to relegation from league one .
300 fans affected after six coaches were delayed and they missed kick-off .
former liverpool star named manchester united legend peter schmeichel .
winner of wisden-mcc cricket photograph of the year was matthew lewis 'shot of dwayne bravo taking a catch .
his body was found in a creek near the marine park golf club .
roberto martinez wants to extend his contract despite repeated injuries .
vented anger at official as he bogeyed the 17th at 2015 masters .
willett carded a one-under 71 on opening round in first time at augusta .
englishman danny willett blasts timing referee for getting in line-of-sight .
his cruel injury jinx struck again as the england and lions flanker dislocated his shoulder against newcastle .
real madrid beat rayo vallecano 2-0 in la liga on wednesday night .
manchester united beat aston villa 3-1 in the premier league on saturday .
zlatan ibrahimovic scored a hat-trick for psg on wednesday night .
sergio aguero says scoring in the derby is enough to give you shivers .
beat napoli 2-1 on aggregate and will face juventus in the final .
eden hazard scored in chelsea 's 2-1 home win against stoke city .
paris saint-germain won 3-2 at ligue 1 title rivals marseille on sunday .
villa manager tim sherwood says his players must dig deep to win .
abou diaby has been ravaged by injuries during nine-year spell at club .
england face new zealand and australia at home later this summer .
kevin pietersen has re-signed for surrey in attempt to earn england recall .
punched and kicked her during the hour-long assault on new year 's eve .
he said he knew of underage marriages happening in the community and was asked by church leaders to change police reports .
the cause was a blocked pipe and her flat became filled with human waste .
aer lingus flight ei 660 to vienna was forced to return to dublin mid-air .
the 70-year-old artist has put on a nude exhibition before in japan , and was keen to replicate the experience for his body of work in australia .
a sydney garage was snapped up to be turned into a home for $ 1 . 2 million .
incumbent boris johnson 's term will end in 2016 .
kathleen blomberg was forced to leave her beloved pets behind when she fleed her apartment after the gas explosion last thursday .
dogs dragged family pet into a garden before mauling it to death .
thousands attend reclaim australia rallies across the country .
62-year-old was seen on the bus , with a pal and walking around in dublin .
lombardi also claims evening news directior albert colley touched and kissed him over drinks in may 2014 .
wade robson and james safechuck hope to find out on tuesday if they can bring a civil lawsuit against the late singer 's estate .
pierre rushed to hospital with gunshot wound to head ; he died on monday .
surgeons say the maggots had eaten the infected tissue but not his brain .
francis is said to have piled weight on since taking papacy .
pope 's sedentary lifestyle said to be aggravating nerve condition .
bayern 5-0 up at half-time as robert lewandowski-lrb-2-rrb-, thomas muller , thiago alcantara and jerome boateng scored .
molly wood , 74 , killed when car with its engine running ` lurched forward '
her younger sister was also injured as she went to get a parking ticket .
the pensioner was killed in tesco car park in pontefract , west yorkshire .
the british no 1 attended his second barcelona match in less than a week .
the 27-year-old was at the nou camp with best man ross hutchins .
rachel jaajaa , 22 , and aaron tate , 29 , were arrested monday in elryia , ohio .
` she threatened to throw me out of the house . i want her gone . . . . ` just do it , 'silvonek allegedly texted barnes .
john terry helps chelsea earn 0-0 premier league draw against arsenal .
but a red-faced stuart stormed on to the jeremy kyle show to deny it .
since 2010 there have been 1 . 2 million first-time buyers getting first homes .
their acquittal was overturned but was finally cleared by italy 's highest court last week .
cara newton , 32 , was told she was infertile after undergoing chemotherapy .
cameron kept firm hand on the leadership rudder and made no mistakes .
prince will arrive in canberra and will visit the australian war memorial .
david cameron set to announce move today to help plug nhs # 30bn hole .
bullock then locked herself in her closet , which has a safe door for security , and called police .
a judge is currently deciding whether there is enough evidence to put corbett on trial for stalking and breaking into bullock 's home .
told pair he would throw them out of new york cab if they continued .
but when officers arrived to question him , braddock tried to run away .
justin braddock was unconscious and it took seven minutes to revive him .
patrick o'melia flagged down by kelly boan after her brother took heroin .
the secluded location is 370 miles from chengdu and has grown dramatically since its creation .
they warn new macaque is threatened by hunting and habitat destruction .
it is the first time that labour leader has been ahead in approval ratings .
also has launched ` save the pub'campaign to support ailing pub industry .
the association of accounting technicians say older workers must ` reskill '
he also appears to offer to sell drugs and a locked iphone 4 .
cartel leader jose tiburcio hernandez fuentes was captured on friday .
it took 22 minutes for sprouse to die after being injected .
shcherbakov family has been caring for the cub after finding it alone .
family is hoping to find it a permanent home as it will grow into a beast .
he arranged private screenings of close encounters of the third kind and asked gorbachev for help dealing with any future alien invasion .
rye silverman , from los angeles , was chosen as one of the brand 's monthly fashion truth campaign stars .
` he went from a man to a monster ,'ms pekin says of her alleged attacker .
the theatre director 's mother mary was forced to move into care in 2006 .
38-year-old chased girlfriend around court and even threw a chair at her .
judge at crown court sentencing says his behaviour was ` outrageous '
they made dawn realise her fear was completely irrational .
said in interview on cnn ireport at furious 7 premiere in hollywood that she was the only female stuntwoman driving cars .
his attorney said steele 's last memory from day of killings was looking for scissors to cut zip tie from around his wife 's neck during bondage sex .
marie surprenant , from atlanta , georgia , was left paraplegic after being severely abused as an infant .
christopher flowers , 84 , was driving on rochester , ny , street on march 9 .
three drivers stopped to help as fire engulfed pensioner 's torso and head .
magistrate told mr mascitelli his actions were'em barrassing '
corry ` corey'campbell , 21 , believed valecce had harmed his cat .
it is connected to the mainland by a 90ft high bridge and is completely surrounded with water when the tide is in .
david cameron revealed that the london mayor had seen him as a rival .
also allegedly pried on stuart swarbrick 's new girlfriend who is also officer .
among the advice tips is to get dancing in stores or have walking meetings .
she used her son 's pass book to abuse gay teacher thomas o'brien .
justice nye perram ruled that individuals'privacy must be kept and all letters from the copyright holder must be sent to him first .
the accusations , made by virginia roberts , have been struck from court records .
key to freedom was launched by the duke after a trip to india in 2012 .
after developing diabetes the 56-year-old decided to take up zumba .
colon , who was with his wife and four children , claimed rapiejko also handcuffed and choked him , over charges which were later dropped .
colon sued and in december 2008 was awarded $ 20 , 000 by the city , the same month rapiejko left the new york police department .
customers took to social media to mock the campaign and express their anger with what they saw as a marketing ploy by the company .
for the programme , british airways teamed up with expert mark coleman .
the male model suggested he split the # 350 dinner bill with his date .
mrs . clinton enjoyed some downtime in chappaqua , new york , with husband ahead of her two-day swing through new hampshire this week .
it was originally intended for international space station astronaut samantha cristoforetti of italy as relief from the station 's instant coffee .
the pledge listed hamm as one of his chief tormentors at the sigma nu fraternity at the university of texas at austin .
beekeepers moved in to try and save as many bees as they could .
left her hard hat at home and opted for a silk scarf instead .
minutes later officer slager shot him in the back in a nearby park .
the attire worn by the airline 's pilots has evolved significantly since 1935 .
so mr hall told him this happened because the fairy was from down under .
jacob hall , from iowa in the u . s . , made a call for help on website reddit .
he explained last time evan , 7 , lost a tooth the fictional creature was late .
performer advises police and teaches people how not to be victims of theft .
harry met james freedman , who has his own one-man pickpocket show .
embryos were fertilized using her eggs and his sperm in november 2013 , six months before they split up , it is claimed .
epa regional administrator judith enck said she is not aware of anyone sickened by the pesticide in puerto rico .
u . s . environmental protection agency said the toxic pesticide may have been improperly applied in locations in puerto rico as well .
paramedics were called to the scene but he died in hospital hours later .
trio reportedly got into a furious argument at the coastal hua hin resort .
iain mackay , 40 , saw his thai girlfriend talking to another man in a bar .
shortly afterwards mr mackay appeared in a nearby shop bleeding heavily .
arsenal in advanced talks with velez sarsfield over deal for maxi romero .
brendan rodgers picks steven gerrard to start fa cup semi-final .
the 34-year-old has served his three-match ban after seeing red last month against manchester united .
given has played in all four of aston villa 's fa cup matches this term .
tim sherwood confirmed the news as he prepares for sunday 's semi-final .
shay given to start against liverpool in fa cup a day before he turns 39 .
juan mata , marouane fellaini and ashley young have been in good form in recent matches .
angel di maria 's red card forced louis van gaal to look at other players .
jordan spieth won the 2015 masters by four shots on sunday .
kyrgios knocked rafael nadal out of wimbledon in a huge shock last year .
milos raonic , last year 's wimbledon semi-finalist , will play at queen 's club .
the brazilian challenged for the title seven years ago but finished 2nd .
the williams driver sits 4th in the championship standings with 30 points .
the defending world champion spoke ahead of the bahrain grand prix .
but liu siying says she was n't offended and just doing her job .
the champion jockey won the famous race on do n't push it in 2010 .
england no 8 cited for incident in saracens'22-6 aviva premiership win .
he has overcome the life threatening disease to pursue a rugby career .
the big-hitting batsman is hoping for a ` proper crack'with his country .
gary ballance hit 122 on day four of the first test in antigua on thursday .
england exile kevin pietersen will be 35 on june 27 .
brooklyn nets beat the orlando magic 138-113 in the eastern conference .
bertrand only included after injuries to leighton baines , luke shaw and danny rose .
barcelona b winger moha el ouriachi set to reject a new deal at club .
new zealand defender believes he can fulfil all his ambitions at hammers .
german has told jose mourinho that he will not be coming to chelsea .
hibernian are four points behind rangers with game in hand .
lucas holds record of playing more liverpool games without winning a major trophy than anyone else in 50 years .
jonny howson scored against his old club but refused to celebrate .
emmanuel adebayor has danced in front of a famous paris landmark .
currently , the lake is filled with thousands of dead twaite shad fish .
brendan rodgers will be hoping his side can close gap on man city .
american-egyptian citizen sentenced to life in prison by cairo court .
glenna kohl was a rhode island college student in 2005 when she was diagnosed with stage iii melanoma .
three years after her shocking diagnosis , kohl died . now her family is on a mission to educate young people about the dangers of tanning .
kohl had been a devotee to both indoor and outdoor tanning since she was a high school student and life guard in massachusetts .
but mr cameron said the country would back the conservatives in may .
the conservatives need another 23 mps to form an overall majority .
he was released from prison after three years and phoned ms redhead , who was left terrified and feeling trapped by call from her former partner .
police said simon forced him to work up until midnight like a ` slave '
after hacking him into pieces , simon stuffed the body parts into suitcases .
he said us and russia are working towards same efforts of making the world order more democratic .
taylor apparently told photographer : ` this is not the image i want for city '
francis pusok , 30 , was arrested thursday after a hours long chase with police in san bernardino county , california .
a news helicopter following the chase recorded police tasering pusok , putting him in handcuffs and continuing to beat him after he was subdued .
bates has said he mistakenly pulled out his gun instead of his taser when he shot eric harris , who was fleeing from a sting operation on april 2 .
popular practice was previously ` unthinkable'for french food lovers .
david cameron enjoyed visit to bristol with chancellor george osborne .
visited bristol and bath science park and earlier went to poole in dorset .
her car had been towed from a chinese diner in arlington , va , on april 6 .
espn reporter britt mchenry was filmed berating tow clerk gina michelle .
attended premieres in mexico , canada , london and tokyo-where she revealed her most ` disney princess'look .
but then one suspect returns and looks straight at the camera before he ducks and knocks it down .
mr tanswell left lib dems last month and claims they are behind leaflet .
labour leader described himself as a ` jewish atheist'on visit to jerusalem .
odds on the royal baby being named sam have been slashed from 66 / 1 to 20 / 1 since waley-cohen appeared at aintree and won race on friday .
her father said : ` my daughter is not married . we can not keep this baby '
latika showed no interest in her heritage until she watched the movie slumdog millionaire where a girl had the same name as her .
police said they released the video to be transparent with the public and tamp down rumors .
the weather system is called an east coast low . it is formed from low-pressure over the tasman sea .
` close to the coast winds are up to 135kmh and rain up to 200mm ,'weatherman don white says .
he has been charged with first-degree murder in the killing of three muslim college students on february 10 .
site now claims boss was ` unfortunately found out to be cheating again '
happened in front of uber driver , 47 , who pulled out his personal firearm and shot custodio several times in the legs and lower back .
tom richards was arrested in swansea over allegedly assaulting actress .
former pm john howard 's car was left with a flat tyre recently in sydney .
struggled for small talk because mr loncsarevity speaks little english .
kevin carr set off on his epic journey from haytor , dartmoor in july 2013 .
embarrassed young soldier ended up on the floor still clutching his rifle .
travolta insists he has ` loved every minute ' , it is ` misunderstood'and it has helped him get through hard times over 40 years .
investigation came after 24 customers suffered food poisoning last year .
ellia beasley loved singing along to lost prophets song as a teen .
decided to have line ` scream your heart out'tattooed onto her belly .
isis thugs recorded on ladders using hammers and ak-47s to smash down historic relics on the ancient walls .
as he got off the bus he offered the candy bar to the driver , who declined .
he was arrested for battery and is never allowed to ride the bus again .
tiger woods , back in august , georgia , after missing the masters last year following surgery hopes to pull of a stunning return to greatness .
his girlfriend vonn managed to come back after surgery that followed a devastating knee injury and win her 18th world cup , a women 's record .
huw thomas made comments on internet forum during world cup in 2006 .
daily mail online spoke to ten students at kirkwood community college 's satellite campus in rural iowa where hillary clinton will be tuesday .
one student is among those picked by teachers to question the former secretary of state .
school has cancelled many classes tuesday to accommodate clinton , the secret service and the press hordes expected to show up .
another predicted that ` she 's going to be , like , talking s * * t'and would ` push some emotional thing on us '
max is a husky-corgi cross and measures 18 . 5 in from foot to shoulder .
ultrasound and ct scan revealed two very large stones in his right kidney .
three trade unions contributed 84 per cent , including # 1million from unite .
emma walker 's weight plummeted to just five-and-a-half stone in months .
rodney stover , 48 , was arrested on wednesday in connection to the rape .
he was arrested in 1992 for raping and sodomizing a woman he did not know and was released from prison on valentine 's day of this year .
22-year-old cao yu was on patrol when she confronted the man .
threatened staff before making off with a ` significant'amount of money .
nic newling spent his childhood in psychiatric wards and hopping from doctor to doctor who could n't figure out why he felt so depressed .
when his older brother committed suicide due to his own quieter battle with mental illness , nic 's life was put back into perspective .
gordon jack , 47 , was taken to hospital yesterday after falling at rehearsal .
first minister nicola sturgeon said she was ` totally devastated'by the news .
the same group withdrew a campaign last year comparing women to meat using the slogan ` we've got the best racks '
nine people have been arrested by soldiers after 500 feet long tunnel found under home in tijuana , mexico .
they say the prime minister should n't be glorifying binge drinking .
the prime minister has been criticised by anti-drinking campaigners .
hungarian national evelin mezei , 12 , has been found safe and well .
boat travelling from libya to sicily when 12 christians thrown overboard .
also included words : ` happy warrior ' , ` calm , never agitated'and ` decency '
stancil lists ` white power'as his interests on facebook and has white supremacist tattoos , including an'88'to signify ` heil hitler '
parents went on road trip for months and left her to care for sister .
teen then hid in the body in a box under lachaux 's instruction .
lachaux told the teen she was not allowed to call 911 for help .
the names of the supervisors who did his field training have been redacted .
fears he was hunting down victims family after shouting threat in court .
classmates expressed shock , remembering him as a normal and likable high school student who was not deeply religious .
his hunting mate believed his dim headlight was the glint of a deer 's eyes .
max verschuuren , 21 , is lucky to be alive after friend mistook him for a deer .
major general james post iii was fired for saying that the retirement of the a-10 warthog amounted to ` treason '
he applied for early parole but was told he'd spent at least 15 years in jail .
it comes as mr salmond was filmed joking he would write labour 's budget .
petty officer marc lee , 28 , was killed in 2006 in battle over ramadi .
how does your staff canteen measure up? send your pictures and stories to gemma . mullin @ mailonline . co . uk .
he insists that the ticking , whistling , and kissing noises he makes at strangers makes them ` feel good '
on tuesday , prosecutors asked for rape to be added to the charges against him after results from her body returned from the lab .
during questioning by detectives she admitted to the relationship and apologized for ` taking the victim 's innocence '
anderson is facing a charge of felony carnal knowledge of a juvenile over the sexual relationship which took place in july and august of 2013 .
the owner of the cooden beach hotel has apologised to guests and staff .
she recalled :'i think my mom sent me this baby . it 's her way of giving me an angel '
amanda found out from tv news that her mother had died of a heart attack in 2006 and a month later , discovered she was pregnant by castro .
statom told him east court lakes , the housing project where the shooting took place , belonged only to the hard-working people who live there .
follows protests over plans to restart two nuclear reactors .
prime minister shinzo abe was not in residence at the time .
samantha cameron makes solo campaign visit to a charity project .
oscar winner apologized last night for having pbs show cut revelation of his slave-owning roots , which was first revealed last week by daily mail online .
premier league duo radamel falcao and sergio aguero star in puma video .
manchester city travel to old trafford looking to salvage their poor season .
she was placed on a ventilator and remains in critical but stable condition with leg injuries .
a young man has died after he was stabbed during a violent brawl .
his 25-year-old friend was also attacked when he tried to help mr gibbins .
former portugal star does n't believe all of confederation of african football 's-lrb-caf-rrb-54 votes will decide in blatter 's favour .
man utd host manchester city at old trafford on sunday afternoon .
northern irishman admits tiger woods'comeback could work in his favour .
rory mcilroy insists he is ` ready'to win his final major at augusta .
world no 1 arrives at masters hoping to complete a career grand slam .
former coach dani vallverdu and now fitness trainer jez green left andy murray 's team to join up with the czech .
lewis ferguson was mucking out the stables as usual on thursday .
the leicester cueman overcame a neck issue to win the tournament .
swansea city beat hull city 2-1 in the premier league at the liberty stadium on saturday .
the argentinian has become a key player for nigel pearson 's side .
win a pair of nike magista obra boots signed by city and england no1 .
winger duport suffered ruptured tendon against hull fc defeat in march .
bayern munich face bayer leverkusen in the german cup quarter-finals .
guardiola believes jerome boateng is one of the world 's best defenders .
city have scored more than once in a game once in their last six away from home in the league ; they scored two or more in 11 of their 13 preceding away games .
manchester city lost to crystal palace on monday night .
city have lost their last three premier league away games , after losing two of the preceding 26 on the road .
man city 's last premier league win having trailed at half-time was in 1995 .
tiger woods was joined on the course at augusta national golf club by his young children and girlfriend lindsey vonn .
he is bidding to win the 15th major of his career at this year 's masters .
woods has returned to action following a self-imposed break from the sport to work on his game and recover from niggling injuries .
ian poulter forgot to bring his clubs ahead of his practice round .
amir khan will fight chris algieri in new york next month .
kell brook is another possible opponent but khan wants to wait .
the american has made it clear he wants to fight the briton next .
adrien broner posted a video of a facetime conversation with amir khan .
wilfried zaha left when he was handed dream move to manchester united .
`` all-new x-men'' no . 40 has psychic jean grey discovering drake 's sexuality .
rapiejko said two options crossed his mind and it was too far to shoot valencia .
vit jedlicka , the first president of liberland , tells cnn that the country will be formally founded on may 1 .
north charleston police officer michael slager is fired .
boston police officer john moynihan is released from the hospital .
video shows that the man later shot dead by police in boston opened fire first .
the attacks have left 5 dead-- two immigrants and three south africans .
police say the chain of events started sunday when a 2-year-old dashed out in front a vehicle and was killed .
a british company says the salvage operation occurred at a world record depth .
jordan spieth hails autistic younger sibling as his biggest supporter .
louis jordan says his sailboat capsized three times .
he had to go through withdrawal in a jail cell .
overcoming addiction is possible , he says , as he 's building a new life as a family man .
sarah brady became involved in campaigns against gun violence after her son to picked up a loaded gun .
her husband died in august , having spent the last part of his life in a wheelchair from being shot .
izzat ibrahim al-douri was the highest-ranking member of iraqi president saddam hussein 's regime to evade capture .
his characters were the downtrodden , and his style slipped into the surreal .
yoga guru bikram choudhury denies sexual assault allegations .
the two nations-- only 90 miles apart-- have been at odds for more than 50 years .
police say gray should have received medical care at different points before he got to a police station .
aid organizations are still working to help the people of nepal in the wake of two major earthquakes .
witness who took video of shooting said when he arrived officer was on top of walter scott .
santana said he never saw officers perform cpr before he left the scene to go to work .
william melendez was caught on police car dashcam video in january beating an unarmed black motorist .
inkster , michigan , police chief vicki yost resigns in the wake of charges against one of her former officers .
officers seize nearly 150 , 000 photos that the former principal kept of his activities .
the top leaders from the united states and cuba have n't met for substantive talks in more than 50 years .
al-shabaab has singled out non-muslims to kill them , as at a garissa university college .
ousted egyptian president mohamed morsy is convicted of charges involving violence against protesters .
` golden boy'had just inked $ 40 million contract when troubles began .
his work from the industry has been brought together in a new book , `` ernst haas : on set''
he suggests lasers could also be used to limit the impact of climate change .
brown went into labor , and a nurse , tonia vetter , quickly came to her aid .
sedway shared video of her removal from alaska airlines flight on facebook .
she said airline representative took note of her because she was wearing a surgical mask and was sitting in handicapped section of boarding area .
the number of communications staff in local government more than 3 , 400 .
equates to # 183 an hour and is double to going rate for a neurologist .
was found in a meadow in gringelstad , sweden , and returned to its owner .
lost 16 . 5 st with meal replacements and has now set a date for the wedding .
star faced bitter twitter backlash , then appeared on good morning britain .
the tools are thought to be 500 , 000 years older than the first homo species .
lane , 44 , had supervised him under a work-study program at the print shop but stancil , 20 , was dismissed last month for absenteeism .
stancil lists ` white power'as his interests on facebook and has white supremacist tattoos , including an'88'to signify ` heil hitler '
kenneth morgan stancil iii ` walked into wayne county community college in north carolina on monday and shot dead print shop director ron lane '
but stancil 's mother said it was not true and that her son is ` rattled '
mother debbie also says the unemployed 23-year-old has stolen from them .
both spent prince george 's birth camped outside st . mary 's hospital .
claims that the knox family have used up the $ 4 million advance she got for autobiography .
amanda knox , 27 , and her family have been left in financial difficulties by the fight to clear her name .
spent a total of four years behind bars while they were in italy .
in late march , knox , 27 , and ex-boyfriend raffaele sollecito were acquitted of murder of meredith kercher in november 2007 .
biographer douglas preston claims the seattle native now suffers ptsd .
he then failed to tell her that he was going out with the dinner party 's host .
ed miliband bored his future wife justine on their first meeting at a party .
those women are believed to include a former big brother brazil contestant , ukrainian actress / model and a young woman from the dominican republic .
according to a federal indictment unsealed this month , menendez intervened in the visa applications of three women tied to donor dr salomon melgen .
mother-of-two had appeared well as she spent time at coachella festival with celebrity friends including kylie jenner and gigi hadid .
she had been suffering ` constant headaches'and had booked appointment two weeks ago , daily mail online told by a friend .
scotland yard finally released images of only three raiders 21 hours later .
fortress was built in 1393 and successfully repelled every attack that invading mongolian armies threw at it .
pair were born just 48 hours apart in january to layla and kumi , both 16 .
felicity jones-star of ` the theory of everything'will star as a rebel soldier .
he spent money on buying a maserati , an alfa romeo and a power boat .
police raided his home in december 2012 and he will be sentenced friday .
tennis star andy murray and fiance kim sears tied the knot on saturday at dunblane cathedral .
pep guardiola 's contract as bayern manager expires in the summer of 2016 .
bayern munich trail porto 3-1 in their champions league quarter-final tie .
xabi alonso won uefa champions league with liverpool and real madrid .
bayern suffered 3-1 quarter-final first leg defeat against porto .
west ham were beaten 2-0 by manchester city at the etihad on sunday .
the former newcastle boss joins stuart gray who is currently in charge .
switzerland are facing poland in the fed cup world group play offs .
joe root 's celebrations come in for criticism , while alastair cook is still worrying about kevin pietersen 's media coverage .
the belgian scored the winning goal against manchester united on saturday to extend chelsea 's lead at the top of the premier league table .
manager jose mourinho believes hazard is one of the best players in the world and holds him in similar esteem to cristiano ronaldo .
khan must first win interim bout with chris algieri in new york on may 29 .
khan is a hero of the muslim world and his lure in the middle east is clear .
mayweather has released a video with uncle roger about his gloves .
man city have won seven of the eight games frank lampard has started .
wayne rooney insists his side can take ` great confidence'from defeat .
chelsea defeated manchester united 1-0 at stamford bridge .
thibaut courtois hopes chelsea can keep marouane fellaini quiet .
but chris maguire had the final say with his last-ditch penalty strike .
steve clarke will take strength from impressive reading display .
reading lost 2-1 against arsenal in fa cup semi-final at wembley .
spaniard thanked the trust the manchester united manager placed in him .
barcelona defeated chelsea and man utd on the way to rome victory .
iniesta claims 2009 champions league success was one of his best finals .
wayne rooney knows pride is at stake in the premier league clash .
pacquiao shared a picture of a range of t-shirts marking the fight .
the filipino boxer is looking to inflict mayweather 's first defeat upon him .
manny pacquaio vs floyd mayweather takes place in las vegas on may 2 .
aston villa play liverpool in their fa cup semi-final on sunday at wembley .
christian benteke has scored eight goals in his last six matches for villa .
skrtel believes the club do have players that could eventually replace him .
steven gerrard will leave liverpool for la galaxy at the end of the season .
he will then report for duty and will be in perth and darwin among others .
emma jackson appears on the nightmare neighbour next door , tonight at 8pm on channel 5 .
emma jackson , 28 , from hull was subjected to a campaign of terror .
forensic pathologists claimed the child was still alive when it was born .
she gave birth at her home in granger , indiana in july 2013 .
several pieces once belonging to bacall 's first husband humphrey bogart were included in the auction .
the 51-year-old suffered a broken hip after the accident in may last year .
mario suarez and marcelo will both be suspended for next week 's champions league quarter-final second leg .
atletico madrid and real madrid played out a 0-0 draw on tuesday night .
suarez wants a ` better referee'for the return leg at the bernabeu .
during the meeting , high school english teacher kathy mooney got up to ask the governor a question about pensions .
man , 50 , allegedly rammed into home north-west of brisbane on monday night .
around 7million grassy front gardens have been replaced with paving .
the girl was in fact an undercover officer who had responded to kane 's online posting for sex with a young girl and a daddy / daughter relationship .
charles kane of spencerport , new york was arrested thursday as he met up with a 14-year-old girl for sex .
liaqat continued tirade at another school and shoulder barged headmaster .
the moon skimmed across the earth 's shadow on saturday , reflecting the red glare of the sun .
tsa can keep the money to spend on improving civil aviation security .
new milford , new jersey , police officer daniel demarco was arrested friday .
colin mcinerney , 28 , was allegedly beaten outside darwin mcdonald 's .
colin pulled up at mcdonald 's drive-through before the other driver got out and allegedly started bashing him .
condition affects 40 , 000 people in france and has very high mortality rate .
pat ingles , 69 , from edinburgh , loves to wear high heels and party .
she said she did this so her followers would get best advice from experts .
pregnant fitness guru said her unborn child was targeted by online trolls .
donna hussey , 32 , targeted by trolls online over three-year-old son 's death .
a new zealand zoo , orana wildlife park , is giving visitors the thrilling opportunity to step into the lion 's den .
noble sent a local las vegas newspaper a 270-page suicide note and dvd .
in opening statements on wednesday , prosecutors described how he ` delighted'in the murder of fazio .
victor prout created a makeshift dark room on board a boat he used to travel along stretch of the river thames .
experts from stockholm university studied plant in greece and croatia .
pilot program allows students at one of sydney 's most prestigious schools to bypass the higher school certificate and attend sydney university .
the liverpool boss will concede he made a mistake in signing balotelli .
bt sport pundit robbie savage branded balotelli ` pathetic'as a result .
balotelli responded by showing a thermometer reading 38 . 7 c-lrb-101 . 66 f-rrb-.
derry mathews was due to face richar abril on april 18 in liverpool .
khan claims that brook only wants to fight him for ` one big payday '
unai emery 's sevilla take on barcelona in la liga on saturday .
horan suffered an embarrassing slip while carrying mcilroy 's clubs during the round on wednesday .
porto host bayern munich in their champions league quarter-final first leg .
quartet played a game of kick-ups with the twist of songkran traditions .
tiger woods begins his 20th masters ranked a lowly 111th in the world .
one direction star niall horan will caddie for rory mcilroy on wednesday .
rangers'final game of the season against hearts pushed back 24 hours .
van persie has 14 months left on his current contract .
horse won by rugby star mike tindall at boozy auction wins him # 105 , 000 .
the belgian 's form dipped when roberto di matteo left the club .
but he believes black cats fans should be more concerned about his side .
she passed away in hospital on friday after defying doctors'expectations .
enjoyed impressive spells at porto , chelsea , inter milan and real madrid .
manchester united face manchester city in the premier league at old trafford on sunday .
van persie has been declared fit to face united 's rivals after returning from nearly two months out .
gunners are seven points behind the blues having played one game more .
terry was once banned and fined for racist comments at loftus road .
arsenal partner europcar reveal playlist players will listen to on the bus .
financial fair play has reined in manchester city 's ability to spend .
gary neville says big players would prefer their premier league rivals .
gundogan expects to complete a # 15m move to old trafford in summer .
international cricket fans in england lost legend 's voice after 2005 ashes .
this led ian wooldridge to pay homage to ` cricket 's finest commentator '
troy university students delone'martistee , 22 , and ryan austin calhoun , 23 , have been arrested in connection with the alleged incident .
substitute eidur gudjohnsen scores equaliser for bolton in stoppage time .
virginia beach pd investigating conduct and evidence tampering .
nico rosberg was the last driver out of the pit-lane and was forced to turn in a quicker out-lap than he would have liked ahead of his final shot at pole .
aston villa 's gabriel agbonlahor throws a flurry of punches in training .
the 1-0 defeat by everton last time out has left burnley bottom of the premier league table with 26 points from 33 games .
but pardew says # 20m price tag on bolasie is too low .
roberto martinez admits the future of star kevin mirallas is uncertain .
lukaku reveals ` heavenly'feeling of playing alongside arouna kone .
roberto martinez will talk about a permanent deal at the end of the season .
leicester , burnley and qpr hoping to avoid going straight back down .
delhi dynamos want to bring him to the new indian super league season .
liverpool owners fenway sports group maintain rodgers wo n't be sacked .
the former england boss is believed to be on the shortlist for the newcastle job next term .
leroy fer has not played since damaging knee ligaments in mid-february .
ramsey believes nine points will secure their premier league status .
chris ramsey wants three wins from qpr 's final five league games .
butland is hoping kane can help fire england u21s to glory this summer .
gestede , a benin international , is rated at # 7million by rovers .
argentine forward leonardo ulloa scored the opening goal on 15 minutes before andy king netted a second late on .
karen brady announced reduced season ticket prices ahead of move .
former striker chris sutton feels more should be done to hold officials to account over poor decisions .
celtic were knocked out of the scottish cup semi-final by inverness after officials failed to award them a penalty for a blatant handball .
rangers legend john brown experienced similar frustration in 1989 , when the ibrox side also missed out on winning three trophies due to poor officiating .
ashley has the right to appoint two directors at rangers .
but isco lost his place in the team when the colombian returned to fitness .
villa are four points above the bottom three with five games remaining .
tim sherwood replaced paul lambert as aston villa boss in february .
barcelona , bayern munich , juventus and real madrid make up last four .
the two spanish giants have never met in the champions league final .
the bath at subzero recovery is cooled to-115 c using liquid nitrogen .
floyd mayweather is deep into his training for the manny pacquiao fight .
he is just over two weeks away from facing manny pacquiao on may 2 .
floyd mayweather is closing in on welterweight limit , wbc checks show .
filipino pacquiao was given a speed ball with the face of floyd mayweather on it on monday .
manny pacquiao and floyd mayweather meet in las vegas on may 2 in ` the fight of the century '
sterling 's wife claimed the ex-clippers used the couple 's money for the gifts .
officers arrested jason rezaian and his wife in july on unspecified allegations .
russia abstains from the u . n . security council vote over the inclusion of sanctions .
authorities detain girl at cape town airport , release her into family 's care , he says .
a cape town resident tweets his complaints against a zulu king .
third suspect identified as george davon kennedy of murfreesboro , tennessee .
officials say 131 californians were affected by one strain , five by other strains .
two of the injured were undergoing emergency surgery .
his case worker and a cop had to get foreign id papers to get him a driver 's license .
kenneth morgan stancil , charged with first-degree murder , swears at the judge .
planeload of aid supplies including food and medicine was flown in to sanaa on tuesday .
reserve deputy robert bates said he meant to use a taser but accidentally shot and killed a man .
china launches a new online campaign to crack down on online drug crimes .
al-shabaab 's attack on garissa university college is the group 's deadliest so far in kenya .
maclaren left the project over `` creative differences''
the young boy 's face appeared on milk cartons all across the united states .
pedro hernandez confessed three years ago to the 1979 killing in .
patz 's case marked a time of heightened awareness of crimes against children .
debra lobo , 55 , is unconscious but is expected to survive after being shot thursday , police say .
ines dumig 's photo series `` apart together'' follows a somali refugee living in germany .
walmart says the lock was properly installed but police say it was loose when it was found .
a 14-year-old boy is among those killed after a mob with machetes targeted foreigners .
they plotted for 10 months , the u . s . attorney for the district of minnesota says .
joy womack studied at bolshoi ballet academy but left in cloud of controversy .
20-year-old american dancer makes $ 240 a month at kremlin ballet theatre .
beverly hills police say richards would n't leave a hotel when asked and later struck an officer .
the two deputies pinned eric harris to the ground and one yelled `` f * ck your breath'' at him after he was shot .
lack of accountability following 2003 invasion paved way for abuse-- and for sectarian tensions .
in 2009 , an officer in california also said he mistakenly used his gun instead of a taser .
attorney : robert bates assumed the gun was a taser because he saw a laser sight on it .
the bomber targeted government workers picking up their pay , isis said in a statement .
peshmerga forces also report retaking terrain from isis .
heather mack , now 19 , is set to sign over a ` significant percentage'of her trust for the care of daughter stella .
cctv captures the woman bringing her vest over the anzac badges .
clem schultz 's beloved wife geraldine died in the deadly tornado in illinois on thursday .
schultz 's dog missy went missing for two days but luckily was found two days later unharmed .
john truong of renton , washington says sister dropped off 2-year-old boy ronnie tran at his house tuesday .
sister alyssa chang told him the boy was her boyfriend 's son and they wanted to have a date night .
' i was definitely in the right place at the right time ' , says 19-year-old .
adorable creature imitates a lizard after waking up from a nap in the sun .
he has been charged with a 3rd degree felony and has been suspended from school for 10 days .
she is now applying for pre-trail intervention program in hopes of having her criminal record expunged .
he was described as a ` great sergeant'who did ` wonderful things '
the condition could explain his insomnia , anxiety and paranoid tendencies .
held at broadmoor since being diagnosed with paranoid schizophrenia .
stars including drew barrymore and mimie elashiry attended us launch .
john allan suggested tesco could easily move its hq out of london .
plunged to just 1 , 100 ft above the ocean before pilot regained control .
her first marriage took place in 1999 , followed by two in 2001 , six in 2002 , and her tenth marriage in 2010 .
carol lloyd was injured after rocks were thrown at and smashed her car window as she drove near to jeppestown .
she was on a wings diving adventure charter boat for her first scuba dive .
he then walked into ferrari garage , believed to be shouting :'i want a car . i've got a ticket ' . . . man was then handed over to the chinese police .
bird is a hospital government relations official who interned with barack obama 's 2012 presidential campaign .
but clinton 's iowa political director troy price drove bird and two other people to the coffee house .
hotel summers includes several colourful swimwear pieces .
amateur british photographer julian john visits the prayer halls as often as he can to capture their ornate beauty .
project would involve three carriers or just two and two ramps .
washington state representative jesse young is behind the unique idea .
exhausted shoppers regularly fall asleep in ikea stores across china .
managers forced to ban visitors from taking off their shoes to go to sleep .
jimmy savile was known to attend the same london brothel in the 1970s .
the couple then met up at a party and started dating four months later .
goalie matt o'connor knocked the puck into his own goal in third period .
la-sonya mitchell-clark , 38 , searched her biological mother 's name on facebook after receiving her birth records in the mail .
he is accused of having a . 38 caliber revolver and faces up to 10 years in prison .
chemical damages ozone and is being phased out , though it 's used in strawberry fields , epa says .
oliver minatel , a 22-year-old player from brazil , was attacked from behind , he says .
the nomination of loretta lynch as u . s . attorney general was announced in november .
`` twin peaks'' creator david lynch announced he was departing the showtime revival of the cult series sunday .
selena was killed 20 years ago but remains hugely popular .
the ship , which is based on the west coast , left san diego in late march .
100 passengers and crew members have been sickened on celebrity infinity .
isis says it controls several buildings at the baiji oil refinery .
the refinery , iraq 's largest , has long been a lucrative target for militants .
ramp agent tells authorities he fell asleep in cargo hold , alaska airlines says .
russia says it had transponder turned off and was flying toward russia .
victim being treated for malnutrition , dehydration ; mother faces host of charges after extradition .
obama calls the nuclear deal with iran a `` once-in-a-lifetime opportunity''
in an interview with the new york times , president obama says he understands israel feels particularly vulnerable .
the suspect , kenneth morgan stancil iii , was found sleeping on a florida beach and arrested .
richie benaud first earned fame as a cricket player , later as broadcaster .
maya wang : 5 women held by china authorities after planning international women 's day protests on sex harassment remain detained .
the underlying problem is racial bias in policing ; until that 's solved , body cameras are a good interim solution .
mark o'mara : video captured michael slager shooting walter scott ; if cop had been wearing a body camera , he probably would n't have fired .
ashraf : where it counts-lrb-isis is-rrb-not standing and fighting .
`` mad men'' premieres the first of its final episodes .
odin lloyd 's sister said her brother 's death has felt like'a bad dream '
ursula ward talks about the shock and pain of her son 's murder .
reserve deputy robert bates surrenders to authorities , posts bail of $ 25 , 000 .
amina ali qassim 's family sought shelter in a mosque before fleeing yemen .
it 's a part of the # foodbanknycchallenge , which is bringing awareness to food poverty .
gop presidential candidates ted cruz and marco rubio vote against the bill , candidate rand paul votes for it .
words engraved on the antique ring give clues to its owner 's identity .
president barack obama is attending the summit of the americas .
officials say he frequented the bathroom , where his phone was hidden in toilet paper .
maricopa county sheriff 's office in arizona says robert bates never trained with them .
former melbourne woman dullel kassab fled to raqqa in syria with her four-year-old daughter and two-year-old son last year .
jessica ennis-hill will compete at the anniversary games in july .
olympic gold medallist has not been in action since 2013 .
thomas piermayr has been training with blackpool this week .
the blood parrot cichlid swims in circles and waits in man 's hand .
he messaged seller who admitted he worked for ryanair and begged him not to report him to police .
mauricio pochettino believes competing in the europa league makes things ` difficult'for premier league clubs .
read : mciiroy and justin rose lead tributes to spieth after masters win .
venus williams has also pulled out because of a personal matter .
russia host germany in the fed cup semi-finals in sochi this weekend .
the mercedes team-mates finished first and second in the shanghai race .
lewis hamilton beat nico rosberg at sunday 's chinese grand prix .
a dispute broke out between lewis hamilton and nico rosberg on sunday .
both mercedes drivers are en route to sunday 's bahrain grand prix .
tom varndell scores three as wasps pull away at the kassam stadium .
british olympic association approved application for nationality change .
phelps will has served a six-month suspension by usa swimming after a second drunken driving arrest last year .
juan mata scored both times as manchester united beat liverpool 2-1 .
obama also gave a special mention to triple-world champion shelly-ann fraser-pryce and bolt while speaking during town hall meeting .
bolt was part of the jamaica team that won gold at london 2012 .
edwin van der sar says van gaal can win trophies after united 's drought .
tottenham forward emmanuel adebayor has taken to twitter to insist his immediate future remains at white hart lane .
the striker is unwilling to take anything less than his current # 5 . 2 million salary before accepting a move out of white hart lane .
schurrle joined german club wolfsburg from chelsea in february .
thierry henry believes laurent blanc should not have played the brazilian .
the psg defender is a defensive liability , according to glenn hoddle .
oriol romeu is on a season-long loan at stuttgart from chelsea .
karl-heinz rummenigge refused to criticise the players , blaming injuries .
striker says that new manager tim sherwood has given him freedom .
dartford goalkeeper jason brown was racially abused in october last year .
the former blackburn goalkeeper was facing bristol rovers .
sunday 's game against arsenal tula was also marred by violence .
tom cairney has sympathy for raheem sterling over his contract .
blackburn face liverpool in the fa cup quarter-final replay on wednesday .
principality side failed to break into title chasing pack of marseille , lyon and leaders psg .
townsend tweeted to hit back at paul merson for his previous comments .
harlequins full back mike brown pulled out of the aviva premiership clash .
city remain nine points behind chelsea in the premier league .
manuel pellegrini knows his team can not afford to lose any more ground .
manchester city face crystal palace on monday night at selhurst park .
` they may be in an expert category of visual processing , 'said dr sasaki .
he held the belt for six years and sunday will mark the 100 year anniversary of his last title defence .
chris jans was fired for ` acting aggressively and inappropriately'at the bar on march 21 .
puncheon appeared to be struck while making his way to take a corner .
sweets were aimed at jason puncheon during crystal palace 's victory .
ozil will not be sanctioned for being spotted in berlin nightclub .
sanchez could play three games a day , according to marino .
roberto martinez unconcerned by romelu lukaku 's link with mino raiola .
the 37-year-old can not wait to take on spurs sensation harry kane .
robin van persie is still not fit enough to play at the weekend .
real madrid want the spanish goalkeeper to replace iker casillas .
as claim real will wait for contract to run down if they ca n't sign him .
while in charge of rangers in 1998 , advocaat made the mistake of playing down the old firm game against celtic and lost 5-1 .
cipriani has been in superb form for steve diamond 's side this season .
sterling has scored more goals and provided more assists this season .
luis enrique 's side take on celta vigo in la liga on sunday .
he believes that his ` hunger and determination'will more than make up for gavern 's superior experience of 50 fights .
alexis sanchez had offers from several clubs when he left barcelona last summer , including arsenal and liverpool .
arsenal host top-four rivals liverpool at the emirates on saturday afternoon in the premier league contest .
ancelotti invited fergie 's son darren to real madrid training early this year .
former manchester united boss says no-one is close to world 's top two .
wayne rooney tells juan mata ` every day'england can win euro 2016 .
unidentified 18-year-old told by guards in arizona jail to go back to his cell .
inmate at phoenix facility punched two officers , knocking them out .
message has gone viral and will even feature in duke 's campus paper .
mother and autistic son to be deported to philippines within 28 days .
hilbert has been arrested a total of five times and her charges include possession of pot and xanax and also failure to appear in court .
hilbert told police her boyfriend body bumped her .
annabelle cox was born at just 20 weeks in canberra on may 5 last year .
parents jaye and matthew made decision to give birth prematurely after scans showed she had developed serious form of spina bifida .
gertrude would like to meet the president at her birthday party on 4 july because she has voted for him twice .
in salcombe , property tops # 671 , 759 and waterfront value is even higher .
internet addiction or wangyin is said to affect 24 million of the china 's 632 million web users .
` my son seth , signed the petition asking me , dad , the governor , to veto this bill ,'republican gov . asa hutchinson said wednesday .
the child , who has not been named , suffered fatal injuries after jumping from a second-story window in dumont , new jersey last month .
a report into the incident has revealed he became angry after a classmate failed to say ` checkmate'after beating him in a match at recess .
he is waiting to be extradited for murder trial in california where he is accused of killing his longtime friend susan berman in 2000 .
durst , 71 , was arrested in new orleans hotel room day before hbo finale .
it has been marketed as ` the finest steam yacht in australia and only one of three of its kind remaining in the world '
the 29 metre steam yacht sank near hobart in 1981 but was salvaged .
it was turned into a commercial cargo and fishing vessel , renamed ` aurore '
` ena'was designed by walter reeks in 1900 and undertook war service as hmas sleuth in world war i .
the doj says she ca n't be prosecuted for defying the subpoena ` because she made only general claims of innocence'and offered few details .
lerner offered a self-serving opening statement during a 2013 hearing , but refused to take questions even though she was under subpoena .
on one occasion the girl wore sun cream to make her skin look ` english '
she has now dropped 7st in as many months weighing in at 10st .
another group said hundreds of dams in california have n't helped with the drought-` that 's because you ca n't store what 's not there '
one of the so-called liberal environmental groups fiorina blamed later knocked her political savvy and said her argument was ` irrational '
the snake , which is at gosford 's australian reptile park , weighs 8kg .
` he 's about as thick as my legs ,'veteran handler billy collett said .
tara mcintyre , 24 , was left with life-changing injuries after horrifying smash .
the stylish sisters ` how two live'collaborate with print and shoe brands .
make it right foundation embroiled in legal action after homes began to rot .
driver misjudged gap as road narrowed and lost control of car at 50mph .
amanda holden is presenting news heartbreaking series on itv .
as soon as the camera captured the image , mr saeed had to flee for his life .
david templeton endured injury-induced frustration during time at hearts .
everton and chelsea have perfect records with three wins each .
raheem sterling wants to be known as'a kid that loves to play football '
the arsenal manager has eight or nine of the team decided by matchday .
bojan also opts for two of his stoke team-mates in his team .
the former south africa striker was the only person to die in the crash .
danny lennon was named interim scotland under 21 manager last month .
cosmin moti kung-fu kicked stefan nikolic during a bulgarian league game .
o'driscoll 's wife amy huberman posted the picture on twitter .
darren bent currently on loan at derby county from aston villa .
greg dyke wants to increase the minimum number of homegrown players at premier league clubs from eight to 12 .
fa chairman has been backed by ex-england bosses graham taylor , glenn hoddle , kevin keegan , sven-goran eriksson and steve mcclaren .
rory mcilroy and tiger woods spoke with augusta club member jeff knox .
phil mickelson holds a one shot lead going into day three of houston open .
27-year-old danny willett will make his debut at the masters next week .
working with rugby dedicated newspaper league weekly , a shortlist of players will be drawn up each month for fans to vote on via facebook .
the manchester united man came on against italy on tuesday night .
hull boss was pictured lapping up the sun with pal alan shearer .
fans will have to put them back on the shelves when the action starts for real on thursday at the masters .
arsene wenger will have chat with theo walcott ahead of arsenal clash .
chelsea are poised to join arsenal in the hunt for raheem sterling .
manchester city are also interested in the 20-year-old liverpool star .
michael owen had scored more than 50 career goals for liverpool .
the street feast is a part of a tourism festival in xinjiang in northwest china .
brazilian defender david luiz pulled up during win against marseille .
manchester united host manchester city in premier league on sunday .
tv presenter lisa oldfield had 5 . 5 litres of fat removed by liposuction .
he also worked with england for 1970 and 1974 world cups .
francis bakvis , from clifton beach in queensland , discovered dead python .
the 3 . 5 metre long python died while trying to digest the 16-year-old pet .
the singer says he is how receiving offers from record labels .
dayna dobias , 19 , has created a video in which she dances despite having a disability that makes it difficult for her to walk .
but rodgers and business partner judith o'hagan had their convictions quashed after court heard they did not receive a summons .
grealish will make a decision over international future at end of the season .
they host premier league leaders chelsea on sunday at 4pm .
luongo has played a pivotal role in swindon 's play-off bid in league one .
blackpool goalkeeper joe lewis 's shirt was meant to go to a club sponsor .
lewis tried to get another but was told they had no spares to replace it , as blackpool midfielder andrea orlandi revealed in his weekly column .
former brazil striker ronaldo played for real madrid between 2002-07 .
barcelona have confirmed iniesta 's injury on their official website .
british transport police are clamping down on ` casual thuggery'on trains .
chief constable paul crowther said crimes may be ` under-reported '
england striker has not trained this week and is in danger of missing out .
film leaked of raheem sterling inhaling nitrous oxide just a day after he was pictured smoking shisha .
a sweep off gareth batty 's bowling caught the top edge and struck kp .
kevin pietersen was fielding for surrey at leg slip against oxford mccu .
former tottenham winger has been linked with a return to the premier league with manchester united and chelsea .
but the defender played only two premier league games for the red devils .
eckersley recently left new york red bulls and is training with elche .
sahabi tumbled over before his ankle was left hanging off his leg .
midfielder sebastian rode scored in the 38th minute from close range .
at the start of the preceding move , john terry brought down radamel falcao .
eden hazard scored the opening goal for chelsea against manchester united .
reading keeper adam federici made a string of saves before that howler .
he wants the world cup hosting rights rotated between continents .
prince ali bin al hussein launched his election manifesto on monday .
nile ranger has been awol from blackpool since early december .
former newcastle forward say the club took the mick out of him .
outfits she is pictured in below cost at least # 66 , 900 but george clooney 's wife always appears effortlessly elegant .
it features footage of the twin tower attacks and threatens another 9 / 11 .
thiago alcantara pulls bundesliga champions back into the tie with 28th minute strike .
tottenham hotspur manager expects a good reception for tim sherwood .
villa boss claims levy wanted him to stay at spurs last season .
usf associate professor erin kimmerle said the project could help investigators solve cold cases and other crimes .
general manager andy walsh describes new stadium as a ` statement of what football supporters can achieve '
the glazers are not ` ogres'despite fan opinion , according to nayani .
arsenal goalkeeper wojciech szczesny celebrated his 25th birthday .
john carver has become the target of fans angry with how the club is run .
the full back has been excellent for west ham following his summer move .
allardyce used scott sinclair and jack rodwell as examples of moves to the bigger clubs that did n't work out for british players .
scott parker was booed on his return to club , 11 years after he left .
share of the points in london leaves charlton in 11th and fulham in 20th .
the juventus starting line-up which faced monaco had average age of 30years and 64days .
ashley young joined manchester united in june 2011 from aston villa .
he feels he and wayne rooney are among those that have taken on responsibility after nemanja vidic , rio ferdinand and patrice evra left .
amir khan released a video last week saying he would fight chris algieri .
grigor dimitrov plays gael monfils in monte carlo masters quarter-final .
defending champion did n't get on the board until the match 's fifth game .
patrick bamford is to be offered a new long-term deal at stamford bridge .
manny pacquiao has released music video named ` i'm fighting for filipinos '
floyd mayweather ` loves his snacks'according to ` chef q '
chef reveals mayweather 's favourite snack is twizzlers as she spends over # 200 on the champion 's sweet-tooth .
the 26-year-old wants to be playing regularly under arsene wenger .
philipp lahm spoke to owen hargreaves for an upcoming documentary .
read : atletico ace mario suarez says referee mazic was ` very bad '
real madrid drew 0-0 at atletico in champions league quarter-final first leg .
atletico keeper jan oblak was the main focus in the spanish papers .
wilfried zaha joined manchester united for # 10m in january 2013 .
callum wilson was sent flying in the 65th minute of the draw at dean court .
verratti reveals the swedish striker helps young players progress .
porto are able to balance books and snap up young south american talent .
chelsea shot-stopper has struggled for game-time this season .
arjen robben has missed his side 's last three games through injury .
aguero opened scoring in the 8th minute , tapping in silva 's pinpoint cross .
city 's youngsters fell to a 3-1 defeat at the club 's academy stadium .
juventus were awarded penalty fouling foul on striker alvaro morata .
but the old trafford club will have to wear old nike kit on us tour .
however , you must make sure the loaf is not mouldy before going ahead .
you might want him to lose to manny pacquiao but you better accept that he probably wo n't . he is as close to genius as it gets in modern boxing .
previously known as money mayweather , he took to referring to himself as tbe , or the best ever in the build-up to his fight with manny pacquiao .
bubba watson and webb simpson are part of a pga tour bible group .
he has not signed the lucrative contract liverpool waved in front of him and he gave an interview to the bbc without clearing it with the club .
clubs generally have very little loyalty to players . they treat them as commodities .
mayweather and pacquiao will be weighed at the grand garden arena .
he also spent $ 300 , 000 on mercedes ` land yacht'people carrier .
jimmy anderson could move past ian botham 's record during first test .
manchester united and chelsea are interested in the world cup winner .
inter milan hope to agree a deal with manchester city for stevan jovetic .
ander herrera 's progress has been monitored by barcelona scouts .
jose mourinho has an impressive record against arsene wenger .
cristiano ronaldo made a similar point to jose mourinho at real madrid .
the welsh winger is wanted by both manchester clubs and chelsea .
sources in spain suggest real madrid could sell gareth bale this summer .
the forward could buy-out the final year of his deal for # 1 . 7 million .
if one of the three premier league clubs sign sterling , then the other two will try to lure gareth bale from real madrid .
palermo 's paulo dybala is a target of both liverpool and arsenal .
woods was making his return to action and his first appearance for 60 days since taking a break from golf to regain form .
nobody had ever won player of the month three times in a row but kane went desperately close after winning it in january and february .
jamie carragher : tim krul was wrong to congratulate jermain defoe .
villa boss tim sherwood has got the club 's passion and excitement back .
yannick bolasie is terrorising defenders with his blistering speed .
mesut ozil was brilliant during arsenal 's 4-1 victory against liverpool .
if carl froch does n't fight in 2015 i'm not sure he'll be back at all .
kell brook vs frankie gavin under strong consideration for may 30 .
england need the best squad possible for the forthcoming world cup .
assistant john brooks was spot on with two close calls in same move .
eric dier has become an important first-team player at tottenham .
mccoy finished third on box office in last-ever race on saturday .
milan take on benfica in universal cup semi-finals in tuscany on monday .
west indies 'shivnarine chanderpaul hoping to play with son tagenarine .
ben flower was making his first appearance for wigan in six months .
wigan winger dom manfredi scored a hat-trick of tries on thursday night .
wigan confirmed sam tomkins is to re-join the club during thursday 's derby against warrington .
paladini made attempt to buy birmingham and has been linked with millwall .
the bestiality charges were laid after police checked jenna louise driscoll 's phone for suspected drug trafficking .
gareth bale wasted real 's best chance to score an away goal .
fans waited outside the training ground early on wednesday morning .
west ham united drew 1-1 with stoke city at upton park on saturday .
everton have won their last three games and visit swansea on saturday .
christian benteke gave aston villa a 1-0 win over tottenham on saturday .
jimmy anderson will make 100th test appearance for england on monday .
england batsman suffered when facing short balls in last summer 's ashes .
the former arsenal striker was speaking on sky sports'coverage .
someone replied and mentioned britt mchenry , but did n't tag the reporter .
arkansas attorney sarah sparkman observed women are sexualized on tv .
17-year-old cracked his head open and is now in intensive care .
brendan rodgers met with raheem sterling and jordon ibe on thursday .
wayne rooney has revealed plans to exploit blues'work-shy midfield .
ashley young has revived his career at manchester united .
manuel pellegrini admitted he was not happy about toure 's performances .
chelsea boss jose mourinho and united manager louis van gaal are pals .
shows him cracking the giant egg to reveal a normal sized one inside .
the toddler 's grandmother and primary caretaker found the parents passed out on the bathroom floor while the toddler remained in the bathtub .
bystanders jump back in shock , but one instinctively leaps after him .
gareth bale suffered a calf strain on saturday evening at the bernabeu .
raheem sterling could leave liverpool after rejecting # 100 , 000-a-week deal .
his economic rights have been sold to the agent that represents chelsea 's brazilian trio oscar , willian and ramires .
manchester united hope to sign two new strikers this summer .
franz beckenbauer says he is at perfect age to move to premier league .
germany defender admits he is considering his future at the club .
spence had her leg amputated after the hit and run , and the home caught fire while spence 's mother danika accompanied her daughter to the hospital .
a nasa map has revealed which parts of the world experience the most flashes of lightning ever year .
they bought the norman park property in brisbane 's east in 1994 for just $ 384 , 000 .
judges said a rare feat was ` fully deserved'and praised all-round quality .
alleged to have claimed there were no objections to funeral taking place .
paul barber only learned about his son 's funeral after it had taken place .
trinity culley helped deliver her baby sister after picking up tips on tv .
duck and ten ducklings followed staff back to an office in sutton coldfield .
walked slackline over pool of 50 reptiles as new way to interact with them .
chickens culled and eggs buried in pits in bid to contain virus .
they divorced after three decades of marriage but have a daughter together .
german discount supermarket aldi now has a 5 . 3 per cent market share .
gabrielle yinka saunders , 32 , stole money from insight investments on the day after she started working there .
saunders stole # 35 , 000 from pwc and was jailed for six months in 2007 .
she has a legion of adoring fans who refer to her as ` the blonde filipino '
darwin woman natalia moon is nominated for a tv award in the philippines .
cousin of princes william and harry is working at auction house in city .
princess , 25 , spotted in sports luxe outfit in new york with a friend .
former usaf training sergeant took flag from campus protesters on friday .
he donated money to found the discovery park of america education center and tourist attraction in tennessee and it is still expanding today .
she ` yelled at her daughter to fight the other teenager and pulled the other girl to the ground by her hair '
tabitha anne bennett ` messaged a 14-year-old girl on facebook and told her that she would be bringing her daughter to fight the girl '
she was arrested on friday afternoon by police after a warrant was issued .
stroud visited ford 's home to apologize to him face-to-face but ford told him he was not able to forgive him .
marty stroud admitted in a letter published in a louisiana newspaper last month that he was to blame for putting glenn ford behind bars in 1983 .
american investors lodged their votes to get rid of the bbc trust chairman .
court heard meat trader hid fraud by funnelling cash into partner 's bank .
rodney todd , 36 , lived in the princess anne , maryland home with his seven children , aged six to 15 .
princess quit her job at sony pictures in new york before christmas .
author lisa erspamer invited celebrities and a number of other people to write heartfelt notes to their mothers for her new book a letter to my mom .
clerk , marcia eisenhour , worked with court judge craig storey 25 years .
judge pays $ 240 , 000 damages after he wrote semi-erotic poem for clerk .
olly murs and young were speaking to mutv on thursday focus show .
messi , thierry henry and samuel eto'o scored 100 goals in 2008-09 season .
yet those doubting the two greats in their 30s were spectacularly wrong .
joe frazier v muhammad ali in new york in 1971 is the third in the series .
joe louis'1938 re-match with max schmeling is the second in the series .
cesc fabregas chose chelsea over arsenal for trophies , says mourinho .
chelsea looking to extend their 10-point lead over second-placed arsenal .
inverness reached the scottish cup final with 3-2 win over celtic .
tim sherwood 's side won the toss to decide which kit they'll wear .
the tigers face crystal palace at selhurst park on saturday .
it is marouane fellaini 's first return to goodison park since joining united .
british heavyweight champion convinced he can take the wbo title .
he has led city to two premier league titles , an fa cup and a league cup .
yaya toure arrived at manchester city in 2010 from barcelona .
after scoring a try on friday night , david pocock gestured in sign language to a friend .
mouse is intended for serious gamers and is on sale for $ 50-lrb-# 34-rrb-.
shows what happens if you make attempts to grab your luggage .
his video includes shots of picturesque beaches and religious sites .
winger also facing charge of grooming and has been bailed until may 20 .
adam johnson charged with three offences of sexual activity with girl , 15 .
spain star started his career up front , and even fools around in goal .
fiona pushed the man down the hallway and out her front door .
she bashed her head on the doorway , leaving her with a black eye .
the youngster has already undergone 20 blood transfusions because her body does n't produce enough red blood cells .
a video of audrey dancing at her zumba class has had nearly three million views and raised vital funds for the diamond blackfan anemia foundation .
it marked the world champion 's third victory from four races this season .
lewis hamilton roared to victory in bahrain to extend his lead in title race .
nico rosberg fought his way past kimi raikkonen and sebastian vettel .
mr cowell distracts it with a stick and then lifts cub out of the fence .
fox is released back into the wild and heads off home to its mother .
shannon hayes spotted the tiny egg at her home in carmarthenshire .
ball 's pyramid is the world 's tallest volcanic stack between australia and new zealand .
police said the circumstances of the disappearances of hannah wilson and lauren spierer are ` eerily similar '
within two days they received a $ 2 billion pledge which later disappeared .
during seven-hour standoff , hawkins ` shot and wounded police dog '
mark hawkins , 49 , allegedly barricaded himself inside a vintage blue bus .
maria sevilla and her son tyrone have lived in australia since 2007 but have been told they need to leave due to tyrone 's autism .
cassandra fortin removed from hartford , connecticut , home in january .
teen was reunited with mother in april for first time since the new year .
trainer says lucy shows women you can enjoy life , train and reap rewards .
several premature infants evacuated on small military plane in morning .
accused her close friend and house-mate jamie of stealing # 207 .
chrystie told gma that she has kept his secret for the past 43-years .
john goodwin , 75 , of atkinson , new hampshire , went on trial this week on six counts of aggravated felonious sexual assault .
then jetted off to italy for a glamorous fashion event in florence .
princess beatrice was hard at work opening a classroom in staffordshire .
last week , beatrice was at the bahrain grand prix with her boyfriend .
the ses says it is concerned about the impact this will have on communities hard hit by last week 's storms-particularly in the hunter .
another east coast low predicted to hit new south wales from thursday .
christopher nathan may , 50 , accused of murdering and dismembering her .
was one of four americans to die at mount everest base camp on saturday .
kim richards , who will tell her story to dr . phil tomorrow , is now in a malibu rehab facility .
police say the duo were involved in an altercation at about 1am on monday .
special warfare operator 1st class brett allen marihugh , 34 , of livonia , michigan , died sunday after being found unresponsive friday .
bush also suggested obama is losing the war against the islamic state .
and he mentioned vladimir putin , hillary clinton and brother , jeb bush .
wife of 63 years died from ` catastrophic bleed'to the brain six days earlier .
threatened to post video online unless victim paid cash which rose to # 55 .
mcintyre also called the gallipoli landings ` an imperialist invasion '
` sbs apologises for any offence or harm caused by mr mcintyre 's comments'the broadcaster says .
toxicology tests revealed monday show abad had a . 24 blood-alcohol content-three times the legal limit .
comedian tamale rocks filmed discovery of the deceptive mirror .
he was jailed for life two years after second murder thanks to dna testing .
mitchell keenan and his father keith were evicted from their family home .
lost 18 stone in 20 months and became a slim size 6 weighing 8st 9lbs .
incident occurred shortly before the plane flew from delhi to jaipur .
air india insists the pair had an argument and there was no violence .
kevin boyle , who sits in pa house of representatives , says he was hit with obscene gesture , called it ` trashy ' , then got covered in sticky drink .
spoke about her arrest on april 16 when she was taken into custody at the beverly hills hotel for a ` drunken incident '
granddaughter autumn barricks tweeted to team in bid to answer wish .
controversial columnist katie hopkins wrote that tony abbott 's policy was effective and like ` an aussie version of sharia stoning '
eli edwards said they need answers ` one way or another'to get closure .
dawn bainbridge , 47 , and her daughters made # 50 , 000 from shoplifting .
jason warnock , 29 , was nearby when he saw the car above so he climbed up a footbridge and ran to the edge of the cliff and pulled the man out .
police are now saying that sitko crashed his suv after hearing a song on the radio that ` convinced him it was his time to die '
he needed to leave to go to work but was tracked down after the picture quickly spread online .
john major said the snp were ` waiting for a good excuse'for a second poll .
a child can be heard crying in the background of the 911 call recording .
christianne boudreau 's son damien clairmont converted to islam at the age of 17 , after being bullied in high school .
wylie brys and his dad , dallas zookeeper tim brys , were digging for fossils near a local grocery store when they made the discovery in september .
thankfully seat widths will remain at the standard 18 inches .
artist betty willis designed the famous neon sign in 1959 .
tykeran hamilton accelerated to 70mph after spotting friend at a bus stop .
four of the king rooms are decorated with mesmerising murals created by artists .
andaz liverpool street is built on the site of the bethlehem hospital which housed the mentally ill .
secret police used the pictures for training and for use at trials as evidence .
police informed ms french they had andrea 's organs in a fridge after audit .
schweich became upset and allegedly called an aide on the day of his death and said he had to either ` run as independent'or ` kill himself '
facility is first of its kind at white house and is for staff and guests .
author jacob tomsky answers every question you have about hotel stays .
judge jerry baxter called the cheating scandal ` the sickest thing that 's ever happened in this town'as he sentenced the teachers on tuesday .
family friend said working at disney attraction was a ` dream job'for terry , a former race car driver from michigan .
comes after leaked poll showed the ukip leader on course to lose in thanet .
michelle heale of tom 's river , new jersey is on trial for murder in the death of 14-month-old mason hess .
young mum hannah moore , 20 , had shots of her stretchmarks taken down .
government minister did so to trick his brain into releases endorphins .
they will publish their findings sunday night at 8pm .
soon after it was published , jackie 's story came under questioning and rolling stone was forced to issue an apology .
sources tell cnn that erdely will issue an apologetic statement after the review is published .
noor paid $ 14 , 000 to five hit men to carry out the murder in his kitchen .
her family have spoken out to defend the mother , saying she was told she had six weeks to live and chose to give up her life for her unborn daughter .
jenny-lee and unborn baby aroura died after refusing a blood transfusion .
` the vet did everything that they could do , 'said katie ingram of orange county animal care .
millions of asian hornets have colonised swathes of french countryside .
it shows a city being plunged into darkness as a storm blocks out the sun .
the sandstorm caused electricity cuts and forced 100 , 000 people indoors .
it brought with it a cold front and heavy rain that damaged buildings .
james koryor , 41 , arrested tuesday on suspicion of manslaughter and child abuse following the death of his son at their home on monday .
owner jennifer stewart said the crate was badly damaged in transit .
much loved pet disappeared after escaping his plastic crate at jfk airport .
but they were held in prison along with friend neil munro for two months .
conrad clitheroe , 54 , and gary cooper , 45 , were taken to a police station .
his veteran cbs colleague announced he was stepping down last week .
she was charged with assault occasioning bodily harm and being drunk and disorderly in a licensed venue .
toby had ` stokes'written on his shell so the couple tried calling every stokes in kent before reuniting him with wendy 11 months after escape .
pair enjoyed a night out before leheup went back to 25-year-old 's flat .
adam leheup found not guilty of rape and sexual assault by jury .
pensions minister steve webb said people should buy whatever they want .
senate panel is set to vote tomorrow on an intensely debated bill that would give congress a say on a nuclear pact with iran .
he calculates the monetary value of what she contributes to the home , including child care , cooking , cleaning and running the finances .
anand iyer , 36 , was earning six figures at threadflip in san francisco .
snp 's nicola sturgeon looked glamorous as she arrived at bbc yesterday .
` scooby-two'made its debut in norwalk , iowa on wednesday outside a fruit processing plant where clinton made a scripted appearance .
he possessed cannabis when police caught him in trowbridge , wiltshire .
local police then re-posted his facebook message with : ` his luck ran out '
when she took it home she noticed a ` seeping 'stain on the back of coat .
irish police confirm 87-year-old woman was taken into custody and then released without charge this morning .
ice melt has revealed the wrecks of vessels including the james mcbride-lrb-1857-rrb-and the rising sun-lrb-1917-rrb-.
she wants to feel proud of her job , but complains that she is constantly battling the negative opinions of others .
the writer , who uses a pseudonym , has her master 's degree but explains that sex work pays more than jobs in her field of study .
st patrick 's parish in wisconsin said its four-decade tradition , original pig rassle , will be replaced with human mud foosball this summer .
the group said they are ` very proud of the church for doing what 's right'and consider this a huge step for animal welfare .
aides think that even 30 seats could be enough to hold balance of power .
but landowner claims she deliberately knocked down son daniel , 36 .
labour said the gaffe exposed mr cameron as a ` phoney'leader .
tories later confirm the pm returned to london on friday in a helicopter .
jeffrey milstein took the pictures to shed light on what happens to flight recorders after tragic accidents .
doctors advised a double mastectomy but she refused , instead undergoing extensive surgery to remove a tumour and reconstruction afterwards .
four days later she was told staff had confused her notes with those of two other patients and that she had never had the disease .
students praised the popular teacher for his quick-thinking and said they were not surprised that he had come to their rescue .
she takes the photos free of charge to encourage families and to spread awareness .
the washington-based photographer 's first subject was her son , apollo , who has a feeding tube in his stomach .
obama refused to call the mass killings a ` genocide'in official statement despite promising as a presidential candidate that he would .
her mother says she must leave job because she faces four hours on bus .
janner 's own barrister was surprised he escaped charges in 1991 , and suspected attempts to influence the prosecutors'decision ; .
four medical experts who examined the peer did not all agree on the nature and extent of his dementia , as outlined by mrs saunders ; .
stars ray liotta , robert de niro , lorraine bracco and paul sorvino were all in attendance for saturday 's special 25th anniversary screening .
labrador baylie from leeds suffers from hip problems-and a sweet tooth .
owner 's daughter saw molly survived fall but had no way of reaching her .
coastguards could n't find her after extensive search , but molly was found days later by a dog walker a mile away .
but insiders admit the party could lose as many as 20 seats on may 7 .
hernandez jr said he was blinded by new england patriot 's fame and ` grateful to be noticed '
local karen newton played the last post at the kurri kurri memorial .
the first-grader also put together a series of illustrations to accompany the clip .
jerrie ann hornig , 49 , was found dead at the scene by gresham police .
snp leader said ed miliband had allowed himself to be ` kicked around '
lawson agreed , but reacted angrily when mr myers took onion ring instead .
incident , that started as a joke , took place at the work christmas party .
the russian vessel caught fire in port and was towed out to sea to sink .
wilson 's body was found on rural land about 10 miles away last friday and it is believed she died of blunt force trauma .
11 days of coalition airstrikes on iran-backed shi'ite houthi rebel positions have left more than 500 people dead and many more displaced .
thanks to the appeal his family and friends were with him in his final days .
after successful surgery noticed dark bruising along the dog 's back .
police say they still do not have any motive but are speaking to mr khamitkar 's employers ; he recently switched jobs , they said .
interview also featuring his wife samantha is to be shown on itv tonight .
david cameron invited itv film crew into downing street kitchen for show .
it takes meteorological data and writes a report designed to mimic a human .
was dragged behind a car and left in a gutter in casula , south-west sydney .
tycoon had extensive work done and the home is now worth # 1million .
he revealed this in an email to the san francisco chronicle , and said that his co-conspirators must be given immunity .
audrey dimitrew , a sophomore in high school in virginia , filed a suit with her family against chesapeake regional volleyball association .
teen was accepted onto a different team but league said player has to show ` verifiable hardship condition exists'to be moved to another team .
police believe her interest in the child was not sexual , but it was obsessive and she allegedly told the girl she wanted to run away with her .
geraldine alcorn , 29 , of pittsburgh waived a preliminary hearing on a felony charge that she interfered with the parental custody of her 11-year-old student .
but now that he knows banksy murals are valued at hundreds of thousands of pounds , rabie dardouna is demanding the door is returned .
hansen was arrested in june 2013 after a student came forward and said he had sex with her .
` to us it 's just a miracle . we're just so thrilled that he was found alive , 'said his mother norma davis .
he had a broken collarbone and was dehydrated but looked in good health and was able to walk to the hospital unaided .
jordan told rescuers he survived drinking rain water and eating raw fish and read a bible repeatedly from cover to cover .
chloe the wombat has lived at sydney 's taronga zoo since june 2014 .
labelled nigel farage a'd * * *'over his comments on foreign hiv sufferers .
justice nye perram ruled that individuals'privacy must be kept and all letters from the copyright holder must be sent to him first .
french health chiefs say binge-drinking is ` anglo-saxon phenomenon '
morton was also charged with first-degree murder and one count of possession of a firearm by a minor .
has unveiled debut fashion range full of summer styles .
a scuffle ensued and the 17 policemen guarding the group opened fire .
father told the dispatcher : ` send an ambulance . he is going to need one '
kecil the one-year-old orangutan was taken to chicago zoo after being rejected by his mother and surrogate mother .
meanwhile , video shows angry passengers delayed at manchester airport .
claims to have discovered ` alien organisms'that test positive for dna .
steven abberley threw marbles during pmqs but they hit a security screen .
medical examiner will determine whether or not the baby was born alive .
former defender replaces malky mackay , who was sacked on monday .
norway 's alexander kristoff won race after sprint finish with niki terpstra .
glenn murray has scored five goals in his last five premier league games .
train passes skiers before picking up speed and reaching the station .
steve harmison took job with local club ashington afc in january .
next season will have to see united mount sustained challenge for title .
ander herrera has started the last eight games for manchester united .
manager brendan rodgers insists the club are not in crisis .
tottenham missed out going level on points with manchester united .
bradley johnson scored twice as the canaries beat sheffield wednesday .
iker casillas consoled a young fan who was struck during la liga match .
the real madrid supporter was handed casillas 'shirt during the interval .
real madrid hit nine past granada at the santiago bernabeu .
arrest warrant was issued a day earlier after he failed to show up in court .
under mackay wigan have picked up just 19 points in 24 games .
james vaughan doubled the advantage after 30 minutes for the home side .
karim benzema also nets double , while gareth bale grabbed the opener at the santiago bernabeu .
manuel pellegrini believes man city need to sign a world class superstar .
arango had earlier scored a free kick in his team 's 4-3 defeat .
the pair are heading out on behalf of the mamadou sakho association .
herrera netted a brace in manchester united 's 3-1 win over aston villa .
blaise matuidi equalises five minutes later with a stunning strike from the edge of the box .
isis fighters destroyed ancient ruins of iraqi assyrian city of nimrud dating back to the 13th century b . c .
once , the celebrity chef called his ex-wife a ` c * * *'on national television .
chef matt kemp and former footballer mark geyer have spoken out about their anger issues .
after signing a 12-month deal with the blues , drogba is yet to be offered a new contract at stamford bridge .
newcastle equalised eight minutes later after les ferdinand 's strike .
cazorla says he has heard of interest but is happy to stay in north london .
mario gomez has been linked with a move to la liga giants barcelona .
however gomez insists he would reject a transfer to the nou camp .
the spain forward has been linked with a move away from the club .
pedro says talk of a move is logical when a player is not featuring .
using snow as an anaesthetic he cuts his own leg open with a scalpel .
the man utd goalkeeper tied the knot with beqiri last year .
howman broke off the email discussions after advice from lawyers .
wada director general david howman said he was disappointed the disgraced former cyclist had n't yet apologised for drug offences .
he may be a juan sebastian veron , andriy shevchenko or fernando torres .
vieira has been working with manchester city 's development squad .
read : pellegrini 's job on the line as patrick vieira waits in the wings .
system may help bomb disposal teams deal with suspicious vehicles .
the glasses , which were on loan from a private collector , will be back on display on wednesday .
fabio lavato popped the question to laura knight at their local cineworld .
injury forced carl froch to withdraw from bout with julio cesar chavez jnr .
jordan meikle stretches his muscles by barriers near canary wharf .
smith is coming off back-to-back world title defeats by arthur abraham .
grealish has assured the aston villa manager ` it wo n't happen again '
elsewhere , england will have a very good player back on their hands if jonathan trott can regain his old calmness going into the third test .
an unnamed woman was shot by police after she allegedly opened fire on them while sitting in the back of a cop car .
the exotic pet owner is bitten numerous times by the tarantula .
suddenly the youngster appeared to catch his foot and his lose balance .
medical examiner ` found freddie gray 's catastrophic head injury was consistent with bolt in the back door of the police van '
police report suggests he was standing and fell head first into the door .
manager chris barnes said he tried to take it off roger and was attacked .
boeing 747 can normally hold up to 600 people but this model was customised for a single ultra-wealthy tycoon .
before realising it is stuck and beating its legs in panic .
fly initially looks satisfied as it tastes the frozen food .
the british driver secured first place ahead of kimi raikkonen and nico rosberg who finished second and third .
nico rosberg was second for mercedes with the ferrari of sebastian vettel completing the podium .
lewis hamilton led every lap after clinching pole position to seal his second victory of the campaign .
hamilton seals the 36th victory of his grand prix career to extend his lead at the top of the standings .
manchester united travel to the usa 's west coast for the pre-season tour .
louis van gaal was unhappy with last year 's arrangements in america .
sportsmail picks five favourites from home and away kits .
they join everton and hull in wearing umbro strips in premier league .
cameraman broke into tears when he reviewed the heart-breaking image later .
she threw her hands up in the air and began crying when she saw his camera .
the 15-year-old said he was with his mom and they left the pet in their suv with the sunroof slightly ajar-the pet also had access to food and water .
cambridge police found torso in bag before finding head in recycling .
zapped the air and a coke can before deciding to use on metal bracelet .
right-wing groups want court to let them sue the irs in a class-action lawsuit for violating their constitutional right to equal treatment .
judge in cincinnati overruled the government and ordered the irs to hand over the list .
wabc reporter lisa colagrossi died march 19 while covering a story in new york city .
at her funeral on march 23 , her mother lois reportedly blamed her death on station news director camille edwards .
in image , 26-year-old is beaming while pointing a gun toward the camera .
she did advert for cars in germany and beauty products in japan last year .
orange county fire authority paramedic chris trokey was part of a team that saved a driver 's life after his car was hit by a truck in 2011 .
when he went to the hospital , he learned the man was dr michael shannon-the same man who saved his life when he was born weighing 3lbs .
fisher had previously been diagnosed as paranoid schizophrenic and was called ` poster child'for alternative sentencing .
latisha fisher , 35 , allegedly locked herself in a bathroom at 5 boro burger in midtown manhattan monday afternoon with son gavriel ortiz .
she was given probation for 2011 stabbing of her aunt and was found fit to stay in the community last year .
kathrin , brother andreas and their parents have left home in montabaur .
he left his wheelchair for good in 2006 and has been running and climbing ever since .
randy pierce was one of only 10 percent of competitors to successfully leap off a ledge , grab onto a rope and ring a bell while 25 feet in the air .
tina campbell paid # 100 for a weave at a salon in london .
says a few weeks later her head began itching and lumps appeared .
sussex police poster features two young women taking a selfie .
sir stirling moss won 212 races during 14-year career before 1962 crash .
the 85-year-old , who lives in london , now drives electric renault twizy .
he told deputies he went to walmart to do some shopping and listened to audio porn on his phone while inappropriately touching himself .
roberto cinti unleashed the car 's 671bhp v12 engine instead of the brake .
grave is the first burial of this kind found in the iberian peninsula .
ukip aide said he would have'a couple of gin and tonics'before the debate .
but he said he would break his drink ban at 6pm before going to the studio .
friends shaved their heads in solidarity , got tattoos and raised $ 7 , 000 for her medical expenses .
current federal government guidelines dictate the people should limit their salt intake to 2 , 300 milligrams .
tina sinatra , 66 , laughed when he asked if mia farrow 's son ronan , 27 , was her brother .
