as the man saw the bison coming closer, he tried to leave the area, but the animal charged him and gored his left arm, according to a los angeles county sheriff ? s department sergeant. 
two sisters, denise and micheline levy, aged 10 and 9, clutched dolls ? one pink, one blue ? as they were led away to auschwitz. 
a shopkeeper picked them up and gave them to the grandmother of frederique gilles, a 38 - year - old schoolteacher, who has now donated them to the shoah memorial, the holocaust museum in paris. 
in both scenes, a rottweiler named max has his testicles inspected by dog show judges, which is standard at a dog show. 
? global road entertainment apologized for the deleted scenes in a statement to deadline, ? the company takes these matters very seriously and remains committed to providing quality entertainment for the intended audiences based on the film ? s rating. 
in the pg - rated film, ludacris ( who voices max ) and will arnett, as max ? s human partner, are undercover officers who must infiltrate a dog show in order to crack the case of a kidnapped panda. 
seth rogen, for one, tweeted yesterday that the film kind of reminds me of the movie that's showing in the third act of inglorious basterds, a reference to nazi propaganda of a german sniper shooting allied soldiers. 
and invaders r worse that inspired tweets from newt gingrich ( michael moore should spend a few weeks with isis and boko haram ) and rob lowe ( he's kidding, right. 
fox news reports on an odd source of american sniper support ? jane fonda ? who tweets, powerful. 
as for the second season of real housewives of beverly hills, no word yet on whether its sept. 
children with the highest levels of pyrethroids in their urine were three times more likely to have behavioral problems than kids with lower levels. 
president obama addressed the problem yesterday with an administrative fix, but upton's bill goes further. 
we will provide resources to help anyone and everyone ( affected ), snyder said, noting he takes full responsibility for fixing this catastrophe. 
jessica ? s statement is highly inconsistent with the facts we have gathered, says chief detective krishna murti. 
a massachusetts state police helicopter spotted a body floating in the merrimack river in neighboring tyngsboro on sunday morning. 
jacob is a sweet boy with a great heart, ? family friend lauren comeau told the boston globe. 
as a result, over the next approximately 100 billion years, all stars residing beyond the local group ( of galaxies including the milky way ) will fall beyond the cosmic horizon and become not only unobservable, but entirely inaccessible, thus limiting how much energy could one day be extracted from them. 
among stats from the survey, 25 % of adults say a supreme being guided human evolution of living things. 
? eman ahmed abd el aty's family says the 36 - year - old egyptian woman hasn't left her home in 25 years, the bbc reports. 
he says he's hopeful but not confident he can help abd el aty lose up to 300 pounds. 
the men had originally planned to land in canada, but they changed course because of weather conditions and are due to land in baja california, mexico, on saturday. 
npr reports the tomb is believed to have been built by neolithic celtic settlers in what is now the town of san cristovo de cea in spain. 
after removing the granite slabs they thought had been parts of a bench, workers poured concrete into the burial chamber and topped it off with a picnic table. 
we'll remember the moon colony thing, reads the introduction to goodnight moon colony, spotted by space. 
? a man suspected of killing one of former president george hw bush's doctors may have been seeking revenge for his mother, who died on the doctor's operating table more than 20 years ago, authorities said wednesday. 
acevedo said police searched his home at 4am wednesday and found evidence that ties pappas to the killing, but he declined to elaborate as to the nature of the evidence. 
the chief said pappas, who was a peace officer in harris county for three decades per the houston chronicle, is white and very fit, and that he's likely getting around on his 10 - speed bicycle, which he rides extensively and almost exclusively. 
one promising idea is enabling existing large aircraft, with minimal modification, to become'aircraft carriers in the sky,'says an official with the defense advanced research projects agency. 
dewhurst are willing to ? put women in harm ? s way in order to step up on the political ladder, ? she said, adding that republicans mismanaged the clock terribly last time, and ran roughshod over a lot of our senate rules and traditions to try to ram this bill through. 
? he's out of the hospital and expected to be ok, but one of the two police officers shot last night in ferguson still has a bullet lodged behind his ear. 
? this was not someone trying to bring healing to ferguson, the attorney general said today. 
watts joined her for the last week of the trip, but the two were apart from june 27 to july 30. 
only 30 % are wild livestock ( mostly cows and pigs ) make up 60 % of all mammals. 
at a 90th birthday tribute concert ? a benefit to clean up new york's hudson river ? bruce springsteen introduced him, saying, he's gonna look a lot like your granddad that wears flannel shirts and funny hats. 
it repeatedly bit at both of his legs and caused serious wounds on both the right and left side, said a national sea rescue institute rep. 
penalizing pay secrecy is an important step that sends a strong message, says a vp for the national women's law center. 
? sony currently holds the copyright to part of the beatles catalog, including such hits as love me do and i want to hold your hand ? but paul mccartney is suing to get the songs back. 
romney's wrong, for one thing, business investment has actually recovered fairly strongly since the official recession ended. 
the complaint is based on testimony from the trial against former christie aide bridget anne kelly and former port authority executive bill baroni. 
christie's office, which insists the governor had no knowledge of the lane closures while they were ongoing, said it would appeal the judge's ruling. 
the court documents also reveal that, according to bitterman, jace threatened to kill her if she went to war over visitation with jordan. 
the obama administration refuses to defend doma in court, so house republican leaders are defending it. 
george kirby, 103, and doreen luckie, 91, are the world ? s oldest married couple, according to afp. 
lee was diagnosed with an inoperable brain tumor last year and put on life support last month. 
one report released last year estimates that about one in 20 children under the age of 6 experienced homelessness in 2014 - 15. 
david blankenhorn, who wrote the future of marriage and argued for california's proposition 8 as an expert witness, revealed his new opinion in the times yesterday, whatever one's definition of marriage, legally recognizing gay and lesbian couples and their children is a victory for basic fairness, he wrote. 
reaction is, of course, mixed, he has thrown marriage under the bus for the sake of the homosexual movement, said peter sprigg, a senior fellow at the family research council. 
but blankenhorn's new strategy actually represents a harder road than opposition to the legalization of same - sex civil marriage, because he won't have concrete victories to celebrate. 
one such door at morocco's khizanat al - qarawiyyin library ? founded in 859 ? is made of iron and has four locks, the keys for which were held by four separate people. 
mccluskey had ended her relationship with the registered sex offender days earlier after discovering he'd lied about his background. 
if his lips were moving, he was lying, brophy says of rowland, who described himself as a manipulator of women at a 2012 parole hearing. 
rowland told an acquaintance, for example, that he needed a gun because his girlfriend wanted to learn to shoot, reports cbs news. 
after shooting mccluskey multiple times in the backseat of a car he ? d driven to campus, rowland was picked up by a woman he'd met online. 
? some 30 large whales have been found dead in the western gulf of alaska since may and the noaa wants to know why. 
andy was walking through rural sonoma county last october, holding a bb gun resembling an ak - 47, when deputies on patrol saw him and told him to drop the weapon. 
in july, mcatee's father wrote online that there is a 50 % chance that jack wandered off into the wilderness and attempted to survive. 
trump acquiesced, but planned to issue the pardon in the event of a conviction, which came at the end of july. 
we knew the president wanted to do this for some time now, one white house staffer tells the post. 
a former obama counsel calls it his backhand way of doing what he wanted to do at the front end, and a vivid demonstration of how far removed from an appropriate exercise of the pardon power this was. 
the light from the quasar is like a flashlight beam, said sebastiano cantalupo, lead author of the report. 
while pushing the toddler across scenic bayshore boulevard, raubenolt and her daughter were struck by a black ford mustang, police say. 
the driver of the 2018 mustang has been identified as cameron herrin, 18, according to a police report. 
we ? re praying for those young boys and their families, john reisinger, 62, told the times, and that the biggest tragedy was that more people didn ? t know raubenolt. 
meanwhile, the police chief tells the guardian that a local security official fired in the air after the verbal exchange heated up ? and then both sides started trading fire. 
saudi arabia is part of the us - led coalition fighting the islamic state group in iraq and syria. 
yeah, i'm going to be on vacation right here in massachusetts, rahim says in a recorded conversation with wright, according to a court affidavit. 
when the steering assist is lost and suddenly returns, the driver may have difficulty steering the vehicle, especially at low speeds, according to a national highway traffic safety administration release. 
a coordinated campaign by the chinese government and other experts to hack google ? s systems in that country. 
a close relationship between russian prime minister vladimir putin and italian prime minister silvio berlusconi, including gifts exchanged and energy contracts. 
? the pilot and co - pilot of a ups cargo plane are dead after the plane crashed near the birmingham - shuttlesworth international airport this morning, the mayor's office says. 
as a former presidential innovation fellow, he focused on improving the user experience at government websites. 
most of us want to see our government operating efficiently and effectively, and it is incumbent upon us to help them do that, oracle ceo larry ellison told shareholders, per usa today. 
doug deo odolecki got the citation friday night while standing on a street corner with his sign that began, check point ahead. 
dubya passes on the challenge to bill clinton, saying yesterday was bill's birthday and my gift to bill is a bucket of cold water. 
? a video released online appears to show a mexican soldier executing a suspected oil thief at point - blank range as he lays defenseless on the ground. 
six minutes later, a soldier appears at the side of the frame and appears to shoot the man in the back of the head, per the ap. 
some 96 % of dengue mosquitoes around the city of mandacaru have been destroyed, the company says. 
muller, who pleaded guilty to the kidnapping and even criticized police for not believing huskins, is serving a 40 - year prison sentence. 
? boxing benefited from muhammad ali's talents, but not nearly as much as mankind benefited from his humanity, the times quotes manny pacquiao as saying. 
local authorities tweeted for the public to avoid the area of the police station, close to the city's well - known christmas market, which is set up around the city's cathedral during the holiday season and is a popular gathering place. 
tim kaine says comey needs to tell the public if he hasn't yet reviewed any of the emails considered pertinent to the investigation, and says that as far as the campaign knows, comey knows nothing about the content of these emails. 
he adds that trump has made it clear we'll have the resources we need, and praises his incredible generosity. 
6 ? 10 days after the couple had flown to the bahamas on a private plane to elope, people reports. 
after spending the night in freeport, sanco and grant were supposed to fly on to rum cay, where they had rented a house, the bahamas tribune reports. 
we're trying to remain hopeful, but we're also realistic, sanco's niece, lee - ann burger, tells people. 
at one time, ppis were thought to be safe, without major side effects, the study's lead author says. 
as he has, ? 15 former staff members of the church committee write in an 8 - page letter to president obama. 
they point to former cia director david petraeus, currently being considered by donald trump for secretary of state. 
? russia has proposed a march 1 ceasefire in syria, us officials say, but washington believes moscow is giving itself and the syrian government three weeks to try to crush moderate rebel groups. 
the talk of new ceasefire plans comes as the us, russia and more than a dozen other countries meet in munich to try to halt five years of civil war in the arab country. 
e - cigarettes may be recruiting a new group of kids to tobacco use, says jessica barrington - trimis, lead author of both studies. 
we have made a decision to conclude the cattle gather because of our serious concern about the safety of employees and members of the public, said neil kornze, director of the bureau of land management, who was confirmed just this week. 
bundy now owes the government $ 1 million in grazing fees, officials say. 
us anti - doping agency chief travis tygart called the hack cowardly and despicable, saying that the athletes involved had done everything right in adhering to the global rules for obtaining permission to use a needed medication, the bbc reports. 
senate majority leader mitch mcconnell will also have something to say, as will ben carson and new jersey gov. 
he says all 54 bodies have been recovered, along with the plane's black boxes, which are in good condition. 
the new ipad even manages to keep its long battery life despite the upgrades. 
he said north korea will focus on mass - producing nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles in 2018, but these weapons will be used only if our security is threatened. 
we should melt the frozen north - south relations, kim said, adding that the winter games will be a good opportunity to show unity of the people, and we wish the games will be a success. 
asked about kim's nuclear button remarks by reporters at the mar - a - lago new year's eve party, trump said we'll see. 
? us missile launchers and other equipment needed to set up a controversial missile defense system have arrived in south korea, the us and south korean militaries said tuesday, a day after north korea test - launched four ballistic missiles into the ocean near japan. 
china firmly opposes the deployment and it responded quickly, saying it will take necessary measures to protect itself and warning that the us and south korea should be prepared to bear the consequences. 
? president trump praised anthony kennedy during a rally in north dakota wednesday evening and said he is honored the supreme court justice made his bombshell retirement decision when he did. 
heidi will vote no to any pick we make for the supreme court, he said, though npr notes she was one of three democrats to vote in favor of trump's first pick, neil gorsuch. 
nerheim told the chicago tribune that the victim was devastated to learn gonzalez would be cleared. 
anatoliy chepiga, who fought in the war in chechnya and in 2014 received the state's highest award, hero of the russian federation. 
he also testified that castro would occasionally pay his victims after raping them, but he then would require them to pay him if they wanted something special from the store. 
details also came out of how castro used his own children to lure the victims into his car and home. 
hunter, 40, is seeking unspecified damages for being passed over, despite his meteorology degree and years of experience. 
japan's yamazaki single malt sherry cask 2013 shows near incredible genius, says expert jim murray, adding that it's a single malt which no scotch can at the moment get anywhere near. 
the giver is too much of the same old, same old in which lowry ? s serious but simplified ideas get reduced to a barrage of visual kitsch. 
i know they suffered, and that's the part that, to this day, i still get sad about, one owner, whose dog buddy died, tells ctv news. 
but if i stay offers the perfect bookend to a tear - stained summer, even at its most wrenchingly painful, the film readily delivers generous dollops of pleasure. 
police told a group of volunteers to stop guarding a recruitment center in lancaster, ohio, after one of them accidentally fired a shot into the pavement, reports the columbus dispatch. 
tens of thousands of mikal watts ? clients have proved to be phantoms, and the false representations improperly inflated the value of potential claims in the seafood industry, businessweek reports. 
we are trying to find small bits of wreckage in a vast ocean, and while we are throwing everything we have at it, the task goes on. 
the tabloid says al has been having a fling with laurie david ? an environmental activist who co - produced an inconvenient truth ? for two years. 
erica martinez says her son, eric lopez, pulled down his pants and exposed himself when another student at ashton ranch elementary school intimidated him on the playground. 
? if elected, hillary clinton vows to put forward the biggest investment in new jobs since world war ii while donald trump promises to repair a rigged system in which political insiders can break the law without consequence, the candidates write in dueling op - eds at usa today. 
? chloe kabealo unbuckled her seatbelt after the car her mother was driving slid off a muddy australia road into a flooded river and tried to go up for air, then just kept floating up out. 
pepsico agreed to pull bvo from gatorade last year, and now powerade bottles in strawberry lemonade and fruit punch flavors in several cities don't have the ingredient listed. 
if the rangers had the right equipment, this lion would not have died, a local resident tells the paper. 
felix murga, the country's top organized crime investigator, said that a gang had killed 60 people to sell their fat at $ 15, 000 a liter. 
the incident began tuesday morning, when 35 - year - old matthew apperson made a u - turn on lake mary boulevard and a truck soon pulled up alongside. 
when apperson pulled off at a gas to phone police, zimmerman followed but left before officers arrived. 
i don ? t think we're at that level, a pathologist at the blood systems research institute tells science. 
the wall street journal says mayer will get $ 100 million over five years ? if the company hits all its performance targets. 
while messitte did not rule on the allegations themselves, he did reject an argument from the trump camp that only congress can decide if a president has violated the emoluments clause. 
but morsi, who has three years left in office, remains defiant in the face of growing opposition and calls for an early election. 
leslie gibson, a republican who had been running for a state house seat in the 57th district, tweeted that emma gonzalez was a skinhead lesbian with nothing to say unless you ? re a frothing at the mouth moonbat. 
san francisco supervisor aaron peskin tells sfgate that if the window, which is designed to withstand hurricane - force winds, were to fail completely it would rain shards of glass hundreds of feet below onto one of the busiest, most congested parts of the city. 
in an email to residents, per peskin, building management confirmed the window crack and said it was related to ongoing problems with the building ? i. 
peterson air force base has confirmed that water containing perfluorinated chemicals ? pfcs ? flowed through colorado springs utilities wastewater treatment plant before ending up in fountain creek, which leads to the arkansas river. 
the groundbreaking at bush's presidential library at smu also marked a rare appearance by cheney since his heart trouble earlier this year. 
trying to take non - divers through a cave is one of the most dangerous situations possible, even if the dives are relatively easy, us national cave rescue commission coordinator anmar mirza tells the ap. 
the incident occurred near nasu, which has seen about a foot of snow fall since sunday. 
the students who arrived saturday were about two - and - a - half hours away from the conclusion of monday's climbing event when the avalanche struck near the upper part of the slope. 
the robots have a metal head and a body of flexible polymer, and are steered through a field produced by electromagnetic coils. 
it is widely known that lucas is no longer alive and has been displayed by a look alike, murray writes on his website. 
then the camera moves in for a slow close - up of block smoking a cigarette and exhaling, which fades into a profile of cain. 
police say 65 - year - old cousins larry patterson and william harbour murdered doris derryberry, 13, and valerie lane, 12, after they vanished from a shopping mall in 1973. 
however, it was only sent for testing in march 2014 by an investigator who had a bit of free time and really looked very closely at this case, sheriff steve durfor tells the ap. 
patterson ? convicted of rape in 1976 and wanted for failing to register as a sex offender, per reuters ? was arrested tuesday in oklahoma. 
cnn reports the 62 - year - old tordil is a law enforcement officer with the federal protective service who was put on administrative leave in march after a protective order was issued against him. 
? its mission had a rocky start, but china's jade rabbit moon rover is now sending back some nifty high - resolution images of the lunar surface, reports cnn. 
when those particles reach the earth's atmosphere, they interact with atmospheric gases, creating the famed colors of the aurora. 
the 85 - year - old justice said sunday that her senior colleague, john paul stevens, stepped down when he was 90, so she thinks she has at least five more years, cnn reports. 
but prosecutors say he took the money, deposited it into his own account, never put it in an escrow account, then spent it on cars, living expenses, and a $ 250, 000 home in calabasas, calif. 
dimaggio is also accused of paying off credit card debt and wiring $ 150, 000 to his company, dimagic entertainment. 
2 million summary judgment when dimaggio later filed for bankruptcy, per nbc. 
? andrew gillum pulled off an upset victory in florida on tuesday to become the state's first black nominee for governor, the ap reports. 
the relatives blame toyota for producing a fatally flawed vehicle and are suing for product liability and negligence, ap reports. 
the store owner in watertown will have to settle for $ 10, 000 for selling the $ 1 million ticket. 
the researchers note that strains of hiv have been transmitted from primates to humans at least 13 times, but only one has caused a global epidemic. 
a new department of education report has found that reports of forcible campus sexual assaults shot up 50 % between 2001 and 2011, jumping from 2, 200 to 3, 300, time reports. 
the north will have no dealings with south korea president lee myung - bak's group of traitors forever. 
after a thorough review, it became clear we had built clubs in some locations that impacted other clubs, and where population had not grown as anticipated, wrote sam's club ceo john furner in a company email. 
in response, brewdog co - founders james watt and martin dickie legally changed their first names to elvis in october 2016. 
the company has the best reputation among american consumers, according to 24 / 7 wall st. 
perhaps murdoch is a stretch, but observers think rebekah brooks, the chief executive of news international and former editor at news of the world, could be in danger of criminal charges. 
president trump and mitch mcconnell are backing former alabama attorney general luther strange, who was temporarily appointed to the seat after sessions left it. 
but it's former alabama chief justice roy moore who's the apparent front - runner, with strange and us rep. 
) physicians have overestimated the benefit and underestimated the risks associated with the use of dopamine receptor agonist drugs in patients with ( parkinson's ) disease, the researchers write in jama internal medicine. 
the 22 - year - old married canadian hockey player mike comrie yesterday in santa barbara, calif. 
peter madsen, who appeared in court via video link, said the computer police searched was not his, but was used by everyone in a laboratory he ran. 
madsen claims journalist kim wall was killed in august when she was accidentally hit by a hatch cover while researching a story on madsen onboard the submarine he built. 
rap genius ceo tom lehman said moghadam had resigned over the annotations, which didn ? t attempt to enhance anyone ? s understanding of the text, but went beyond that into gleeful insensitivity and misogyny. 
medicaid patients would be unable to get treatment at planned parenthood, which would be defunded for a year. 
abc news reports four republican senators have already said they won't vote for the bill without more information and negotiation, paul, lee, ron johnson, and ted cruz. 
according to people, police dragged protesters ? some of them in wheelchairs or wearing medical devices ? away from mitch mcconnell's office and arrested them. 
they called for any changes to the house's bill to be made public for at least 72 hours and be subject to cbo analysis. 
havard melvaer was in his office aboard the huge edda fjord supply ship last month when he stepped outside for fresh air and spotted the 19 - foot boat, the palm beach post reports. 
? it's a gimme, a fugitive who authorities say evaded capture since 2013 has been arrested after he flagged down a deputy in louisiana looking for a ride. 
? i was upset because the political consultants and staff were talking about voter suppression and keeping blacks from voting, ? greer said, recalling a 2009 meeting with party officials. 
a statement from a usps office of inspector general spokesman notes that the vast majority of us postal service personnel are. 
first there was a strong vertical shake, then sideways, an official of the city of naha tells reuters. 
i joined, more than anything, so that i could maybe help someone else, said one vietnam veteran. 
while searching for the driver, officer michael chesna, a married iraq and afghanistan veteran with two kids ages 4 and 9, found emanuel lopes, 20, allegedly vandalizing a home. 
lopes then allegedly took chesna's gun and shot him multiple times in the head and chest. 
the researcher behind that study, calvin kai - ching yu, concluded that the brain during sleep is not at all totally detached from the external world, adding that the unconscious brains of the dreamers try to make sense, and even make use of, the external stimuli. 
bellingshausen station is located in the antarctic on king george island, some 500 miles from argentina, according to newsweek. 
he was the best advertisement for gun control you could wish for, morgan tells politico, referring to the conservative radio host. 
president trump said wednesday he only became aware of the meeting with the lawyer a couple of days ago, per reuters. 
stine today promised this, for halloween, i'll be writing a story live on twitter this evening. 
the group is also working to take down isis - affiliated websites using denial - of - service attacks to overload servers. 
in 2010, for example, he received a combined $ 1 million from a gig in moscow for renaissance capital and another in the united arab emirates for novo nordisk. 
a 10 - year - old boy was in chest - deep water at daytona beach shores yesterday when he was bitten on the calf by a shark, wesh reports. 
jacqueline gomez, 17, was excited about her macarthur high school prom in houston, showing her dress to friends and asking for advice on doing her nails, reports the houston chronicle. 
i told her right before left ? she left early ? i told her,'come here,'said a friend, who whispered in her ear,'just please be safe, jackie. 
the next morning, jacqueline's date frantically called 911 saying she wasn't breathing. 
for many, this was just a teenage love, norwegian pm erna solberg said wednesday at a un human rights event. 
villavicencio is a father of two who's married to an american citizen and has a green card application pending. 
andrew cuomo, who wrote letters on his behalf to both ice and dhs acting inspector general john kelly. 
per cnn, he wrote that new york will not sit on the sidelines as our immigrant communities are threatened, and that a pattern of conduct demonstrated by ice agents shows reckless contempt for the constitution that creates an unnecessary humanitarian crisis in new york state. 
the georgia bureau of investigation, which conducted the first autopsy, says it put all the organs back in afterward. 
usa today describes winter's outfit like so, mesh panels showed off her cleavage as well as the tops of her thighs. 
after so long, i want to exchange emails with readers, murakami is quoted as saying by shinchosha, with the rep adding to reuters that he likes to engage with readers, but there's so much interest it's hard for him to interact well. 
the top democrats on the house oversight and government reform committee and the house energy and commerce committee also moved yesterday to open a probe into the incident. 
when officers knocked on the door, they heard shots fired and a man saying, give me 15 minutes to gather my thoughts or i'll kill her. 
but remember, the movie is more of a showcase vehicle for a new generation of young actress - hyphen - singers than a celebration of whitney. 
? supreme court justice antonin scalia was found dead saturday at a resort outside of marfa, texas, kvia reports. 
scalia was the longest - serving justice currently on the supreme court, having been nominated by ronald reagan in 1986. 
? we mourn his passing, and we pray that his successor on the supreme court will take his place as a champion for the written constitution and the rule of law, cbs dfw quotes abbott's statement as saying. 
scalia spent friday hunting quail at the cibolo creek ranch and told friends before going to bed that he wasn't feeling well, reports cnn. 
the accident happened on the sky ride at six flags amusement park, about 55 miles north of albany, new york, just after 8pm saturday, reports the ap. 
mccarthy says he's been humiliated by the scandal and that people are calling him dj duggar and duggar's boy toy. 
she assumed this position last august thanks to her good connections and network, the korean official says, adding that the position is symbolic and has no official responsibilities. 
thursday's hearing will cover four concurrent sentences for use of a deadly weapon and two consecutive sentences for assault with a deadly weapon, the las vegas review - journal reports. 
? the soil under the highest point of the greenland ice sheet, scientists have learned, is 2. 
as a result, girls sacrifice important opportunities to learn, grow, and just enjoy their childhood, says unicef ? s principal gender adviser, anju malhotra. 
jay perini gives a thumbs - up at cnn, noting how dylan's songs speak to our deepest concerns and how he's filled our heads with language that both interprets and transforms the realities we confront. 
it had spread to her ovaries and the lining of her stomach, and though most of it was removed within weeks in a surgery, a new tumor appeared on her spleen in july. 
elizabeth esty announced monday she will not seek re - election this year amid calls for her resignation over her handling of the firing of a former chief of staff accused of harassment and violence against female staffers in her office, the ap reports. 
ron has issued a statement in support of his sister, radar reports, noting that she brings an exceptional dedication to her job, her family, and her community, and has been a role model of mine for many, many years. 
? firefighters at disney world were warned to stop feeding alligators two months before a gator killed 2 - year - old lane graves, according to employee emails. 
a reedy creek district administrator says firefighters received just a talking to ? though feeding gators is illegal in florida. 
investigators say ivanov has told them that on friday night, he bought another magazine for the gun after leaving his job at an apple store early. 
the fact that he had to read the manual speaks volumes to his youth and inexperience and highlights the lethality of the weapon involved, he says. 
the injustice and anger behind it all feels like current reality, even a half - century on, when a person's skin can still determine everything from employment opportunities to treatment by police. 
kim's birth year, per the south korean government, was likely 1982, 1983, or 1984. 
? this is such a radical change in thought that it ? s been hard for many people to get their heads around it, ? says a doctor at sloan - kettering and an author of the study. 
the dj for the evening announced on the microphone that a child had disappeared, ? a wedding guest told le parisien. 
in another development, a turkish official says ibrahim el bakraoui was arrested in june at the turkey - syria border and deported to the netherlands. 
scott breaks new ground even while revisiting old concepts and brings back the visceral panic that fans expect. 
azima, who has dealt weapons to multiple nations and was tied to the iran - contra affair, offered solomon a 10 % stake in a company called denx. 
canada was not merely standing around watching events take place, taylor told the toronto star in 2012. 
a british intelligence source tells the sun that jones was killed in june by a drone strike near syria's border with iraq. 
the miss universe organization, parent company of miss teen usa, tells abc news that while hay's language was unacceptable at any age, she will keep her crown because she learned many lessons through those personal struggles that reshaped her life and values. 
charlie rogers, who told police last month that three men had entered her house, stripped her, and carved anti - gay slurs on her body, has been charged with lying to police, cnn reports. 
police say their investigation uncovered numerous inconsistencies in her story, and that physical evidence, including dna, did not support rogers'version of events. 
the cloud computing pioneer calls it biohacking, or taking control of the environment around you so you have control of your biology, he says. 
federal officials are becoming increasingly concerned about the possibility that hackers, particularly those working for russia or another country, could breach us elections systems and wreak havoc on the november presidential election. 
the eu in 2013 decided to probe this arrangement, and ireland cracked down, it announced that firms incorporated there wouldn't be allowed to be stateless for tax purposes, as apple's irish subsidiaries were. 
without more information, the state lacks proof that this incident even occurred in the state of texas, the da says in a press release, adding that investigators also couldn't prove the cat's manner of death was cruel. 
butterfield tells buzzfeed news that before he started filming, the white man in the video walked past him and his friends and through the building's entrance. 
he notes that millions of women balance work and family every day, including his own daughters, i used a poor choice of words to express what i know first - hand ? raising young children and working is tough. 
however, when bees got to watch the ones retrieving the sugar water, more than 60 % of them were able to pull the string when it was their turn. 
hollywood talent titan william morris endeavor entertainment has reached a deal to buy the massive sports agency img worldwide, the companies announced today. 
a few quotes from kassig, from cnn and from an interview last year with time, ? this is real, and it ? s scary stuff, and it ? s sad what is happening to people here. 
this terrorist attack happened only a week after the meeting between the us president and the ( saudi ) backward leaders who support terrorists, says a statement from iran's revolutionary guards, per reuters. 
the sec says mickelson did so the next day, buying 240, 000 shares and making a profit of $ 931, 000, per espn. 
he then used that money to pay walters back his iou a few months later, the sec says. 
a spokeswoman for colorado parks and wildlife calls the killings unprecedented, this has never happened before in our state. 
officials are investigating bubba yum yum, the paleo way for new mums, babies and toddlers, which includes a recipe for a homemade formula for infants younger than six months. 
it will be unveiled june 26 in the san francisco museum, coinciding with the city's pride festival. 
elemen, who worked as stone's live - in housekeeper and nanny for five years, and who claims stone made other racially derogatory comments around her. 
? a 17 - year - old student is in custody as a person of interest in wednesday's fatal shooting at an alabama high school, al. 
he then rubbed his pistol and taser together in the direction of a convenience store in what an internal affairs review says mimicked washington's character, according to wesh. 
the iranian - born cleric, who was killed when police commandos stormed the cafe, was on bail for around 50 counts of sexual and indecent assault and for charges of being an accessory to the murder of his ex - wife. 
the country's high court rejected his application to hear a fresh constitutional challenge to the charges against him, for which he was sentenced to 300 hours of community service. 
shia muslim leaders had asked police to probe his claims to be a leading cleric and last week, he announced on his website that he had converted to sunni islam and pledged allegiance to isis. 
private dealers who sell a certain number of guns each year would also need to get a license. 
the proposed rule change would clarify the federal statute, which notes anyone engaged in the business of dealing firearms needs to obtain a federal license and conduct background checks, except anyone who makes occasional sales, exchanges, or purchases of firearms for the enhancement of a personal collection or for a hobby, or who sells all or part of his personal collection of firearms. 
? the republican - led house benghazi committee released its final report tuesday after two years of investigations. 
right now, clinton's favorability ratings are break - even, and she's so well - known ? that it ? s almost as if voters are dispensing with all the formalities and evaluating her as they might when she ? s on the ballot next november. 
he ? s my favorite person to be around and makes me laugh harder than anybody ? we can eat cheetos and watch beach volleyball and we turn into two perverted homer simpsons, like,'oh, she ? s got a nice ass. 
something in the person's face is relaying greater - than - trace amounts of contempt, but they don't intend that to be the case, macbeth tells cbs news. 
inside a camouflage tent, loughner has a small altar, atop which sits a pot filled with shriveled oranges, the skull replica, a row of candles, and a bag of potting soil, the new york daily news reports. 
pham later said the woman hired somebody to cause me harm for $ 2, 000 ? after i talked about the money owed my family. 
the judge said that's not true, pointing to an appellate court decision ruling, and asked the parents'lawyer to come up with an eviction order that greenwood could sign. 
outside the courthouse, michael rotondo, who moved back home eight years ago after losing a job, told reporters he would appeal the decision. 
fry, who was part of the team that won gold for canada in sochi in 2014, issued an apology. 
before the flight landed at syracuse, the first officer called air traffic control and said american 550. 
usa today reports that the incident occurred about four hours into a red eye overnight flight. 
after takeoff, the plane went down shortly after takeoff from domodedovo airport en route to orsk, about 1, 000 miles southeast of moscow. 
( one person, an algerian also believed to have been involved in the paris attacks via calls from belgium, was killed in that raid. 
abdeslam is a brother of one of the suicide attackers in paris, and he is believed to have driven three suicide bombers to one of the attack sites. 
we got him, belgium's asylum minister said about abdeslam friday, per sky news. 
22, vanellope hope wilkins went into her first of three surgeries at leicester's glenfield hospital to relocate her heart into her chest. 
rob manning confirmed the retweet was made by the authorized operator of the department's twitter account. 
in her own tweet, pentagon spokesperson dana white said the call for trump's resignation was erroneously retweeted and contained content that would not be endorsed by the department of defense. 
sometimes i have patients who say,'i want every single spot gone, and i want it gone by this week or i want it gone tomorrow,'because that's what this filtered photograph gave them, dermatologist neelam vashi tells the washington post. 
this is an alarming trend because those filtered selfies often present an unattainable look and are blurring the line of reality and fantasy for these patients, according to an article in the jama medical journal co - written by vashi. 
jackson allegedly shot reiss and his roommate kenneth maier, who initially managed to flag down help from his driveway but died of his injuries friday, reports wfla. 
he described medical examiners as kind of the last responders, whose job it is to help with clean data to help everybody understand. 
a spokeswoman for cruz's campaign told the times in an email that having some fun with a cult classic ? should be something we can all get behind, politics aside. 
her husband often sings that very same song ( al green's let's stay together ), she said, adding, he sings a lot of al green, marvin gaye, a little stevie ( wonder ). 
? a louisiana rapper was sentenced to six months in jail wednesday for kicking a female fan during a concert last year in florida, wfla reports. 
police say they will release body camera and helicopter footage of the shooting within a week. 
employees of ceva logistics in redford called paramedics after they heard moaning coming from a bathroom, where blood was on the wall and floor of a stall, fox 2 detroit reports. 
fox 2 reports the baby was dead when it was initially found, but was pronounced dead at a hospital after failed resuscitation attempts. 
on facebook, the school addressed the matter, saying the assignment was very inappropriate and entirely inconsistent with great hearts philosophy and culture. 
the obama administration will ask congress for $ 60 million in aid, along with food rations, and medical supplies, the bbc reports. 
attorneys general karl racine and brian frosh accuse trump of violating the emoluments clause of the constitution by receiving illegal gifts from foreign governments via the trump organization. 
messitte noted that foreign governments have moved their business from other dc hotels to the president's hotel. 
police say a man and woman in their 40s and a man in his 50s died after they were pulled unconscious from the water and airlifted to the hospital, reports the bbc. 
zeppos called the inscription on confederate memorial hall a reminder of racism, slavery and a very, very bloody civil war. 
it says snow carefully avoided any association with corporate culture and mass - market consumerism, of which mcdonald's is the epitome. 
the lawsuit claims berreau originally asked mcdonald's to remove the offending tag in june, but it arrogantly refused to comply. 
in what may be the first balloon atrial septoplasty performed on a baby in the womb, doctors from mount sinai hospital and sick kids hospital in toronto used a needle to insert a balloon through barry's uterus and into the boy's heart, opening a passageway between the chambers. 
lerogue was carrying a picture of alex rodriguez with a gun pointed at his head and the note, ? you have to go bud, you ? ve ruined too many of our white queens ? when he ran onto the yankees'field monday night, the new york post reports. 
for more ? including the pictures of whitney houston, bobby brown, and osama bin laden he was also carrying ? click here. 
a police official tells nbc news that the incident doesn't appear to be a hate crime. 
obama also joked he tried to negotiate with wiley to give him smaller ears and not too much gray hair. 
among them was dutch researcher joep lange, one of the world's top hiv experts. 
? the sarcophagus has been opened, but we have not been hit by a curse, declared the head of egypt ? s supreme council for antiquities after opening a huge black sarcophagus that had been untouched for 2, 000 years. 
we make the best espresso in the city and putting it over ice will shock it, the barista at chinatown coffee co. 
? a 2006 letter from a top vatican official confirms that the holy see received information in 2000 about the sexual misconduct of now - resigned us cardinal, lending credibility to bombshell accusations of a cover - up at the highest echelons of the roman catholic church, the ap reports. 
catholic news service published the letter friday from then - archbishop leonardo sandri to the rev. 
british actor mark rylance gives what, with luck, will be a career - making performance as accused soviet spy rudolf abel, she adds. 
he agrees rylance can make the doing of nothing seem perfectly, completely riveting, but adds hanks is fine company. 
according to the des moines register, six charges were filed against eddie tipton on thursday. 
tipton's alleged accomplice, robert rhodes, is also facing charges in wisconsin and iowa. 
authorities say tipton would provide rhodes with rigged numbers and have him buy the tickets. 
investigators in iowa have also linked tipton, rhodes, and tipton's brother to lottery wins in kansas, oklahoma, and colorado. 
? i didn ? t want there to be 21 % unemployment, ? bush told the national automobile dealers association last week, reports the washington post. 
liam fitzsimmons, slaughter's chief of staff, said in a statement she died early friday at george washington university hospital after injuring herself in a fall in her area home. 
slaughter was originally from kentucky and had a bachelor's degree in microbiology, as well as a master's degree in public health. 
congresswoman slaughter embodied the very best of the american spirit and ideals, house minority leader nancy pelosi said, while the head of the house rules committee, the gop's pete sessions, called slaughter a fearless leader, deeply committed to her constituents, and a dear friend. 
wilbur doesn't have an issue with bending the truth, one longtime colleague says, while another is more blunt, he's lied to a lot of people. 
but the black - footed cat of southern africa can hunt the grasslands like no other, live science reports. 
if you're a gazelle or a wildebeest, a black - footed cat isn't at all deadly, says hunter, who has studied the cats since the 1990s. 
police suspect an extremely strong batch of heroin that's been laced the powerful painkiller fentanyl. 
now rodney harmon has filed a federal class - action lawsuit against the hilton chain over the 75 - cent charge, the san francisco chronicle reports. 
a spokesman for the state attorney general's office describes sandusky's behavior as banal, self - delusional, completely untethered from reality. 
sandusky was sentenced to between 30 and 60 years in prison and pennsylvania's public employee pension system says it is revoking his $ 59, 000 annual pension, the ap reports. 
it will facilitate more people going through checkpoints more quickly, make the system more secure, and produce a cost savings for the tsa, sheldon jacobson, the study's lead author, says in the release. 
that water was found to be highly corrosive to lead pipes still in use in the city, causing lead to leach into residents'drinking water. 
jeff davis told reporters friday that the drone was seized while collecting scientific data near the philippines. 
president joko jokowi widodo, however, expects no change in indonesia's good relations with the us. 
we ( are ) aware that it is a difficult path, in view of the unfortunate degradation of relations, but it is not our fault that russian - american relations are in such a state, he said. 
the country's education minister says trump's victory means the era of a palestinian state is over. 
police in concord were able to track down the owner and say the money turned out to be the life savings of a man who had reported the loss. 
some communities near the coast where harvey made landfall friday night are reporting damaged or destroyed homes, businesses, and schools and loss of cell service. 
and multiple cruise ships with thousands of passengers are currently stranded in the gulf, unable to return to galveston, according to reuters. 
hurricane harvey was downgraded to a category 1 on saturday morning, and cbs news reports it was expected to weaken to a tropical storm by the afternoon. 
koskinen took over after the scandal broke, but republicans say he lied to congress in the subsequent investigation. 
ahmed says bello had a problem with almost everybody and that's why they fired him, because so many people complained. 
boy scouts of america ? which voted last year to allow gay scouts but not gay leaders ? says it is saddened by this development, but the church is no longer allowed to offer the scouting program because it is not following bsa policies. 
pence spokesman marc lotter tells the washington post that the vice president became aware of incomplete information on feb. 
in other developments, the fbi interviewed flynn in late january after it warned the trump administration that he could be blackmailed, the new york times reports. 
in an interview with the daily caller hours before his resignation, flynn insisted there were no lines crossed in his conversation with russian ambassador sergey kislyak. 
it was about the 35 guys who were thrown out, flynn said, referring to former president obama's expulsion of russian diplomats in december. 
? if you haven ? t been to a phone - free show, you just don ? t know what you ? re missing, ? yondr founder graham dugoni says. 
? we have never faced this before, purposeful, vindictive chaos, jon stewart said tuesday, summing up president trump's first 10 days in office during an appearance on the late show with stephen colbert. 
he called on america's relentless stamina and vigilance and every institutional check and balance this country can muster to restrain trump, per variety, noting, if we do not allow donald trump to exhaust our fight and somehow come out of this presidency calamity - less and constitutionally, partially intact, then i, donald j. 
previous bronze statues found at the antikythera shipwreck were dated to the 4th century bc. 
the antikythera shipwreck is 180 feet underwater on a slope and has been buried by boulders from a succession of earthquakes starting in the 4th century ad. 
in a harvard crimson survey, 10 % of incoming freshmen said they'd cheated on a test, 17 % admitted cheating on a paper or take - home project, and 42 % admitted cheating on a homework assignment. 
we hope this tool will shine some light on the scale and scope of government requests for censorship and data around the globe, said google's chief legal officer. 
? north korea says it's ready to deploy and start mass - producing a new medium - range missile capable of reaching japan and major us military bases there following a test launch it claims confirmed the missile's combat readiness and is an answer to president trump's policies. 
the north's minju joson newspaper said in a commentary sunday that in pyongyang's answer to the trump administration, many more missiles capable of striking the us will be launched from this land. 
? during an appearance on megyn kelly today wednesday, former scientologist brendan tighe said that scarlett johansson once auditioned to be tom cruise's girlfriend. 
the washington post lists some of his mantras, ? if you ? re going to have to swallow a frog, you don ? t want to have to look at that sucker too long. 
? all public schools in nashua, nh, will be closed monday after what superintendent mark conrad describes as a detailed threat of violence to harm students and staff at both of the city's high schools. 
the school district made 14, 000 automated phone calls sunday evening to inform parents of the closure, wmur reports. 
i regret any difficulties this creates for working parents but safety must remain our first priority, conrad, who expects schools to reopen on tuesday, said in a statement. 
several hundred pacific walruses began amassing on an island off alaska ? s northwest coast in the first week of august in what wildlife officials say is the earliest date yet for their annual haulout. 
was expecting to be in min custody in feb, now years added, said a tweet from manning's official account. 
newsweek reports upp disappeared again in 2013 in maryland ? this time for two days. 
complaining about trespassers on her property, kelley told the dispatcher, i'm an honorary consul general. 
? jamie lee curtis eulogized her father tony at his funeral last year ? but just five months before his death, curtis had disinherited jamie lee and his other four children. 
we are four families bonded together by tragedy and terror, they write in an open letter to obama at mcclatchy. 
we are not asking the white house to put anyone in harm's way, nor compromise national security, but to engage boldly and use all appropriate means to bring austin tice safely home as soon as possible. 
? lucinda smith, a 43 - year - old attorney and mother of two in the united kingdom, was gardening in march of last year when she suffered a minor scrape on her hand. 
we have a relatively young department and most ( of ) the guys have children, said youngstown fire chief barry finley. 
chang is the girlfriend of the boy's father, and nguyen is his paternal grandmother, reports abc news. 
he says he hired new mexico men mark staake, 41, and staake's nephew, tanner ruane, 23, to kill four people. 
iranian president mahmoud ahmadinejad tells the washington post he will grant a ? unilateral pardon ? to the two men, and that he is working to arrange for their release and return home ? in a couple of days. 
officials suspect the missile was a musudan intermediate - range missile, also known as a bm - 25, which pyongyang has displayed in military parades but never tested before. 
? lakhan kale's grandmother would tie him to something on the street before each work day and walk away. 
consecrated women have to be encouraged to speak up when they are molested, says a vatican official on the condition of anonymity. 
but amid # metoo and an ever - widening catholic church abuse scandal, more nuns may be speaking up for themselves. 
i find when you have firsthand knowledge of things as opposed to secondhand, it makes a much stronger impression, carson told the new york times before setting off for the un refugee camp in azraq on thursday. 
dps said the trooper was shot and killed before 4pm thursday during a traffic stop on interstate 45 near fairfield, about 90 miles south of dallas. 
in a statement, a committee aide said they had been permitted to offer their policy expertise, but trump was responsible for the final policy decisions contained in the executive order and its subsequent roll - out and implementation. 
footage from security cameras in nice shows bouhlel driving along the promenade des anglais on the two days before the attack. 
a red cross convoy was allegedly hijacked by armed men and there are rumors that inmates who escaped during the storm have been ambushing people carrying supplies. 
bloomberg reports that musicians booked by third - party groups to appear in cleveland during the convention include the beach boys, journey, and former poison frontman bret michaels. 
neighbors rescued adams after her home was destroyed, but she ? s lost her cell phone and had no way to contact her family. 
we do believe this may be the very last layer between us and interstellar space, says chief scientist ed stone. 
nasa is calling the region a magnetic highway where particles from inside the sun's magnetic sphere zoom out, and higher - energy particles from outside to stream in. 
in a plea deal last year, mayweather pleaded guilty to attacking his girlfriend in front of two of their children. 
authorities say 22 people were stabbed or slashed, all but one of them students, and two more students suffered other injuries in the chaos. 
but it was her bank account, not her phone, that was hacked, so the incident falls outside operation weeting, scotland yard ? s phone hacking investigation. 
it all started when an employee on the flight last april asked ankour whether she had an israeli passport. 
two children, ages 8 and 13, died on april 9, 2015, when the car their father was driving sped off a los angeles wharf and sank. 
held without bail, elmezayen faces up to 20 years in prison for each fraud count if convicted. 
the national indian child welfare association says in a statement that foster care is meant to be temporary, not to fast - track the creation of new families when there is extended family available. 
the deposition was part of a defamation suit against bill cosby brought by seven women who accused him of sexual assault and say they were branded liars in response. 
the cosbys'legal team had tried to get camille out of the deposition, but a federal judge insisted. 
but judges said the 10 - year statute of limitations for unlawful detention had expired, since madrigal became an adult in 1987 and only brought the complaint in 2012, per the guardian. 
i'm not a cat person, but i sure like that one, cardinals manager mike matheny said after the game. 
they booted him from the property and called animal control, and falbo was charged with nine counts of animal cruelty. 
jeb bush says via a statement, in florida we acted, moving the flag from the state grounds to a museum where it belonged, but following a period of mourning there will rightly be a discussion among leaders in the state about how south carolina should move forward, and i'm confident they will do the right thing. 
? one friend says casey would never have gotten involved with tila tequila ? had she been in her right mind, ? and that the reality star ? was taking advantage of a sick girl. 
the station's newest commander, randy bresnik, called whitson an american space ninja. 
? when a call comes into the white house at 3am, will donald trump's tiny baby hands be able to lift the phone receiver. 
their bill would make those found in possession of small amounts of alcohol subject to fines of up to $ 500, and anyone caught selling or distributing it faces 30 years in prison and $ 1 million in fines. 
when the washington post asked officer timothy zoll about the destruction, he said, i don't know that a crime has occurred. 
zoll misled his superiors when asked about the contents of the interview, the city said in a statement, adding that it wants to emphasize that negative remarks about the michael brown memorial do not reflect the feelings of the ferguson police department and are in direct contradiction to the efforts of city officials to relocate the memorial to a more secure location. 
the memorial, including flowers, notes, and stuffed animals, was quickly rebuilt after friday's destruction. 
if the deal falls through, opponents can expect a likely outcome, he said at american university, ? another war in the middle east. 
? in the speech, obama also drew a parallel with the vote to authorize the iraq war. 
they need to ? worry less about being labeled weak ( and ) worry more about getting it right, because that war did more to strengthen iran and more to isolate the united states than anything we have done in the decade since, reports politico. 
a 71 - year - old veteran died on monday after waiting up to 30 minutes for an ambulance ? while already at a veteran affairs hospital. 
a va spokeswoman says staff followed policy by calling 911 when the man collapsed, but that policy is under expedited review. 
they said her actions were discovered when one child's mother, an er physician, saw the burns and demanded to see surveillance footage. 
? in the 1980s, the university of houston's cougars basketball team ? aka the phi slama jamas ? made their way into three final fours. 
i truly appreciate president trump making it clear that he supports a path to citizenship for daca recipients, said graham, whose own proposals have been called unacceptable by the white house. 
the fire in my belly exhibit, by artist david wojnarowicz, who died of aids, is now on display at the new museum. 
the states, led by new york, argue that laws like montana's are needed to prevent corruption at the state level. 
they say the court should reconsider some of its findings in the citizens united case, arguing that the court was wrong when it claimed that unlimited independent political spending does not give rise to corruption or the appearance of corruption, ap reports. 
the city's transit chief has a different view, this young man is lucky he ended up in police custody and not in a hospital or worse, says andy byford. 
every adult muslim who can physically and financially manage to do so is expected to make the pilgrimage once in their lives. 
two million people are this year participating in the annual five - day pilgrimage, which started tuesday. 
authorities in branson, missouri, have confirmed that at least 13 people, including children, died thursday night when an amphibious boat carrying tourists capsized and sank in table rock lake. 
burke and foote now face burglary, theft, and other charges, and are held on $ 20, 000 bail. 
he has been placed on suicide watch and issued a medical device to make sure he doesn't stop breathing during the night. 
there is little known about the reproducibility of research in general, says study author brian nosek. 
republican incumbent david yancey held a 10 - vote lead after election day for virginia's 94th house district. 
yancey and simonds are now tied at 11, 608 votes each, and republicans hold a 50 - 49 majority in the virginia house. 
the case involved two maine men who said their guilty pleas for hitting their partners ( which led to misdemeanor abuse convictions, per the ap ) should not disqualify them from owning a gun. 
those rulings allow planned parenthood to contest laws in louisiana and kansas to defund the organization. 
if either kavanaugh or roberts had joined conservative justices clarence thomas, samuel alito, and neil gorsuch, the court would have taken up the case, turning it into the first major abortion test of the new court, reports politico. 
hansen did not have details about the male's identity or age, but said the shooting occurred when two salt lake city officers were called around 8pm to break up a fight near a downtown homeless shelter that sits next to a shopping mall and movie theater. 
officers tried to break up the fight, but the male with the broomstick tried to attack an officer and one or both of the police officers then shot the male, hitting him in the upper and lower torso, per hansen. 
the airstron employee who had been trying to fix the ac unit tells local 10 that a fuse needed to cool the unit popped out during the hurricane. 
no one would perceive that as a threat, he said, adding that trump is beaten up in a way on cable platforms that he has a right to respond to. 
senior clerics allege that a perverted team among ahmadinejad's inner circle is responsible for the film. 
one contest is exciting as it is, but to have two wrapped up in a two - day period is something else, ? says sudo, who weighs only 115 pounds. 
? audrey parker used canada's medically assisted death law to legally end her life ? but a provision in that law forced her to do so months earlier than she wanted to. 
we've all cried a lot ? first in horror, but then because of the outpouring ( of ) generosity and compassion, bef marketing director pejay ryan tells fox news. 
they are good listeners and have a unique way of knowing when people are hurting, says ceo tim hetzner. 
the cdc says that circumcision can reduce the risk of a man getting hiv or herpes from a female partner by around 50 %. 
, his daughter ivanka joined canada's prime minister for a broadway show with a message of tolerance. 
not only did clayton help document activities aimed at shaping and strengthening the ( afghan ) partnership but she also shared in the risk by participating in the effort, says the story, adding that clayton ? s death symbolizes how female soldiers are increasingly exposed to hazardous situations in training and in combat on par with their male counterparts. 
but others call it guerilla art reminiscent of public enemy's 1992 single, hazy shade of criminal, the cover of which showed two lynching victims. 
to me this suggested a really powerful public art installation that connects lynching, state violence against black folks, and the situation that we're faced with around police brutality and these non - indictments, a berkeley black studies professor tells the san francisco chronicle. 
kushner is back on capitol hill tuesday, when he again testifies behind closed doors, this time with the house intelligence committee. 
this multiplex meringue is a thoroughly delightful throwaway, and hugh grant is the most reliable deadpan smart - ass this or that side of the atlantic. 
clinton campaign aides tell the huffington post both proposals are ones that had been pushed for by sanders. 
sanders also won $ 11 billion in funding for community health centers in 2010. 
the proposals expand health care funding by $ 40 billion over the next decade. 
sanders says clinton's healthcare plan ? will save lives, it will ease suffering, it will improve health care in america, and it will cut health care costs. 
meanwhile, donald trump's hopes of dropping a big surprise on the convention are officially rained out, reports the huffington post. 
holdovers miss peregrine's home for peculiar children and deepwater horizon rounded out the top five. 
when she refused to pay the fine, the retailer sent it to a collections agency and allegedly informed her, this will put a negative mark on your credit for seven years and will also result in calls to your home and / or work. 
the democrat won election to the senate from alabama on tuesday, dealing a political blow to president trump, reports the ap. 
ikea has offered the mcgee family condolences but reminds them that anchoring the product is an integral part of the product's assembly instructions. 
? last time george talley saw his beloved 1979 corvette, it was parked on jefferson avenue in detroit in the summer of 1981, reports wxyz. 
i have never seen that many bees in one spot, local park ranger tom moses tells the guardian. 
every woman ? s version of beauty is different and, if you ask us, these differences are there to be celebrated, says a company statement on the real beauty bottles campaign. 
a district attorney agrees the video is troubling, telling ksat, there's actually another video with a better view that is very close. 
in a statement, a j & j rep says the company will appeal because it's guided by the science, which supports the safety of johnson's baby powder. 
a trump spokesperson tells business insider that the incident is old news and it never happened and that ivana made it up to exploit trump during divorce proceedings. 
i have watched the video and was sickened by what i saw, said police chief eddie diggers of footage of the shooting taken by a bystander. 
it looked like he was trying to kill a deer or something, running through the woods, walter scott sr. 
random house ? s rash deal with dunham is ? why the corporate publishers are losing cultural relevance, and why they might soon lose solvency as well. 
throwing away food is like stealing from the table of those who are poor and hungry, he said during an audience at the vatican this week, in which he blamed a culture of waste. 
newman ) has been suspended from mount sinai pending the outcome of the investigation, and we continue to cooperate fully with the appropriate authorities, a statement from the hospital says, per the times. 
richter to hear pending and future cases in ferguson, and the appeals court judge will also have the power to restore the integrity of the system with a revamp of municipal policies, reports the ap. 
it also has 50 % more calcium than dairy milk, and a much smaller carbon footprint than either dairy or almond milk. 
the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints says 90 - year - old church president thomas monson died at his salt lake city home tuesday evening, the ap reports. 
monson, who was born in salt lake city and served in the navy during world war ii, was president of the church's quorum of the twelve apostles for 13 years before becoming church leader. 
the deseret news notes that monson also, as chairman of the missionary executive committee, assigned the first black mormon missionary. 
european states stressed their backing for the deal and condemned trump, he said, per the hill. 
courtney cash, 23, and boyfriend william austin johnson met up with a friend, wayne gary masciarella, tuesday night. 
no motive has been released, but the sheriff says the stabbings were likely a direct or indirect result of drugs. 
but a florida attorney tells the verge that ss numbers are both confidential and exempt from public disclosure. 
some reviews, it isn't just a brilliant, pulse - quickening gem, but one of the most entertaining thrill rides of this year, this decade. 
it's a bit disappointing that no one has come out and said it's right or wrong, says oxford professor minhyong kim. 
? we haven ? t caught the suspect who killed norma so obviously there is a murderer out there, so i would be vigilant, i would be aware, said riverside county sheriff sgt. 
this story suggests there is still much we don ? t know about the natural world, says a biologist not involved in the study. 
he said that in the 15 years since he founded the festival, he has never been involved in programming, but this is very personal to me and my family and i want there to be a discussion, which is why we will be screening vaxxed. 
the anti - tax, anti - spending group has already aired one ad that attacks trump's very liberal record and labels him just another politician. 
the 16 - year - old boy had a fever and a bad rash, but not the encephalitis ( or brain inflammation ) that a group of viruses including keystone can cause in animals. 
first seen in america in 1964, keystone is known to infect animal populations along coastal regions stretching from texas to the chesapeake bay, per a university of florida health statement. 
the infection may actually be fairly common in north florida, says lead study author john lednicky. 
a photo that will be seen on the show, alcatraz, search for the truth, proves the anglins may have been alive in the 1970s, says the post. 
hours later jones allegedly killed marshall levine, a marriage counselor who used the same office as a counselor jones'son saw during the divorce. 
jeff russell hall, 32, was the regional director of the national socialist movement and came to national attention last year when he ran for a post on the local water board. 
we do manage all of our rivers in california, and all the water is allocated many times over, wildfire expert leroy westerling tells the san francisco chronicle. 
richard walter says he was outside near his blanda blank stainless steel serving bowl from ikea when he noticed his grapes were on fire. 
elseline hoekzema, a study author at leiden university in the netherlands, and colleagues think the differences result from sex hormones that flood the brain of a pregnant woman. 
the researchers suspect that could be happening in the pregnant women, perhaps to prepare a woman for motherhood. 
he then allegedly took the girl back to his home, where she was beaten, raped, and made to clean his house for the next two days. 
, which lists the companies with the best and worst reputations based on the 2017 harris poll and american customer satisfaction index. 
45 million los altos hills outside san jose, $ 3. 
33 million rancho santa fe outside san diego, $ 2. 
flu season started earlier this year than it has in the past 10 to 12 years, and by the end of 2012, 18 children had died and 2, 257 had been hospitalized as a result. 
sully is a four - square, upstanding, rock - solid example of filmmaking at its most direct and honestly affecting, and is thoroughly engrossing and exciting to watch, she writes at the washington post. 
actress jamie brewer, best known for her work on american horror story, will do the honors, wearing an original by designer carrie hammer as part of hammer's role models not runway models show. 
the batzes pleaded not guilty wednesday to 17 charges combined, including disorderly conduct, obscene performance, and incest. 
she notes that focusing on regions with a history of exporting terrorism would include much of europe, even if only islamist - inspired terrorism is included. 
the incidents occurred about the time of the 2016 us election, and the cubans undoubtedly were desperate for intelligence about us intentions. 
he's back in a funny or die video with a new passion, charlie sheen is too damn high. 
he says he truly hit a wall on christmas eve, where everything was just saying'no more, not one more step. 
sears'message from andy murray's mom once he arrived at his destination, well done scott sears. 
the client list of kenneth starr ( no, not that kenneth starr ) includes uma thurman and martin scorsese, reports reuters. 
from his perspective, it is great having one of the smartest people in business as your partner, he told the los angeles times. 
they were assessed every 18 months to two years by seven health metrics ( including blood pressure, bmi, and dietary intake ) and filled out surveys about their optimism and physical and mental health. 
? president trump's longtime personal driver says the billionaire exploited him in an utterly callous display of unwarranted privilege and entitlement. 
mary knowlton was one of 35 participants who was on tuesday night touring the police station. 
said lewis of the unimaginable event, if you pray, please pray for mary's family, and for the officers who were involved. 
assistant district attorney david pyle says he didn't push for prison time because of the state of petty's vision. 
it's now the most significant and substantial medieval artifact in new zealand, jones says, adding that the public can interact directly with the manuscript. 
following tuesday's arguments, justices will decide whether the families'lawsuit can go to trial. 
the kurds have long been at odds with nouri al - maliki's government, but now he's ordering his air force to help them. 
gunman christopher harper - mercer handed over an envelope and said that student'was going to be the lucky one,'according to the mother of a student who was shot and wounded in the spree. 
scroggins says his daughter only survived because another student's blood and body was lying on top of her. 
? house republicans officially nominated paul ryan as speaker wednesday, cnn reports. 
attorney general jeff sessions says us attorney rick mountcastle has begun the investigation and will have the full support of the justice department. 
white nationalist richard spencer accused police of endangering lives in how they handled the rally, saying he did not attempt to engage in any kind of violence. 
at the cruz rally, trump attacked democrats as a big risk to the american family and accused them of encouraging millions of illegal aliens to break our laws, violate our borders, and overwhelm our nation, the ap reports. 
the sources say trump is likely to blame losses on house speaker paul ryan and senate majority leader mitch mcconnell ? as well as the media. 
? reince priebus on the buffett rule, it's one single tiny alteration that amounts to nothing more than a shiny little object. 
the guardian reports that chua, a yale professor, played an outsized role in vetting the clerks who worked for kavanaugh, as many of them came from yale, kavanaugh's alma mater. 
one student who was advised by the couple says, i have no reason to believe ( kavanaugh ) was saying,'send me the pretty ones,'but rather that he was reporting back and saying,'i really like so and so,'and the way he described them led them to form certain conclusions. 
the government, which had already banned her song judas from the radio, reportedly finds the album offensive to christianity and in bad taste. 
when edwards first learned of hunter's pregnancy, he said she was a crazy slut and there was a 1 - in - 3 chance that it was his, young said. 
? reality winner was charged monday with leaking a document about the russian hacking of us electoral systems. 
according to nbc, london police have been unable to uncover any evidence or details of a job interview. 
here are the top and bottom five performers in the state of american well - being, top five ( in order ), hawaii, alaska, montana, colorado, and wyoming. 
it has killed more al - qaeda leaders and soldiers than cia operatives, and it has jailed and interrogated 10 times more suspected terrorists than the agency. 
one 275 - pound worker sat on him, while others, including doctors and nurses, stood by, the new york daily news reports. 
mozart had never attacked or bit anyone, writes hayek, who adds that she personally delivered mozart from his mother's womb. 
? the judge's views on executive power and gun control also were expected to be examined. 
still, simoff says he averages around four hours of walking a day, much of it on interstate 35. 
if he does the right thing, he does the right thing, the actor said following a panel wednesday at the national press club. 
at a hearing last month, marines from the same unit testified that the three accused punched and kicked lew, forced him to do push - ups and other exercises in full combat gear, and poured sand in his face. 
( anthony ) was able to push him out to safety, but he fell through ice and he couldn ? t get out, ? a law enforcement source tells the new york post. 
? they had to ? physically with their hands ? break through the ice and chop through the ice so that they could get to the area where they knew the child would most likely be, ? cbs quotes fdny deputy chief george healy as saying. 
i did have a meeting with george lucas about that, he says, but he didn't want the role, just didn ? t feel ready to take that dive. 
he sold lucasfilm to disney in 2012 partially because there were three more star wars movies he felt should be made, and to do it right would be 10 years, and i said,'i'm 70 ? i don't know whether i'll be here when i'm 80 '. 
? in 1783, after the british soldiers left new york city, george washington is believed to have stopped for a celebratory drink at the bull's head tavern. 
now he's hoping city officials will preserve the site, saying, what an incredible opportunity that the city suddenly has for this thing to re - emerge. 
? a hoax call is a deadly and serious offense, ? a coast guard rep tells nbc4, which notes that such calls are a felony that carry six years in prison, $ 10, 000 civil fine, $ 250, 000 criminal fine, and reimbursement to the coast guard. 
jake gyllenhaal, zach galifianakis, renee zellweger, and amanda seyfried all recently made four - figure contributions to obama's campaign, while kelsey grammer, bob barker, and john elway did the same for romney. 
that number is particularly alarming when compared to pre - recession levels, in 2007, some 9 million, or one in eight, kids were on food stamps. 
there are currently about 46 million americans total on food stamps, down from the 2013 peak of 48 million. 
the barista is 22 - year - old katie wyble, who tells action news jax she's had a passion for sign language since i first saw a teacher use it when i was in preschool. 
the rhinos were among 11 moved to the park, and officials said the surviving animals are being closely monitored. 
? we'll see as he's debriefed and it's just a one - off incident, so i don't think there's too much we can read into it besides that at this point, ? says an analyst with the international crisis group. 
co - accused morgan geyser, who is also 14, has been diagnosed with early onset schizophrenia and has already entered an ngi plea. 
aiello, who is married to navarra's 92 - year - old mother, was arrested and charged with murder last week. 
? in a lawsuit seeking more than $ 175, 000 in damages, a male student claims the university of chicago has an anti - male gender bias and routinely portrays a large portion of their male students as sexual predators. 
the new york daily news reports the student, named only as john doe in the lawsuit, was accused of sexual assault by two female students. 
he claims the university ignored a title ix complaint he filed against one of the women after she filed a similar complaint against him. 
? a 12 - year - old was killed and two other boys were injured after a chain link fence electrified by a live underground wire electrocuted them at a city park in georgia. 
all orders in those securities have been canceled back to customers, says the new york stock exchange in a statement. 
this is a vast area, an area that ? s quite remote, and we ? ll continue the surface search for a good deal more time, he says. 
campbell's chicken noodle soup, for instance, lost to food lion's lotsa noodles, while america's choice hot dogs outdid oscar mayer. 
their adopted father, 53 - year - old jorge barahona, was found outside the truck and has been charged with aggravated child abuse for now, reports cnn. 
obama didn't directly respond in public, but did tell ryan rhodes that as someone who ? s been called a socialist, not born here, taking away freedoms for providing health care, i ? m all for lowering the rhetoric. 
in a subsequent interview with fox news, rhodes said of his encounter with obama, he just denied it, he said the vice president didn ? t make any of those assertions. 
in honor of hu jintao's visit, the chinese president was served a 2005 quilceda creek cabernet sauvignon from washington state that garnered a 100 - point robert parker rating. 
so when angela merkel was honored at a state dinner in june, the released menu said nothing more than an american wine will be paired with each course. 
here are some of the more egregious fibs, romney, i won't put in place a tax cut that adds to the deficit. 
independent analysis indicates that romney's tax plan would add $ 5 trillion to the deficit over 10 years. 
four members of the wagner family were arrested tuesday, and authorities say a custody dispute played a role in the murders, the ap reports. 
wagner was not the newborn's father, but shared custody of another daughter, sophia, now 5, with rhoden. 
the mothers of both elder wagners were also arrested and accused of forging custody documents in an alleged cover - up of the crimes. 
this is an area that really does merit further work and serious consideration, a psychiatrist at the university of california, san francisco, not involved with the study tells the huffington post. 
the study, published online today in the international journal of epidemiology, found that both men and women who ate at least 10 grams of peanuts or nuts daily saw a reduced risk of dying from not only heart disease, but also from respiratory illnesses, cancer, diabetes, and neurodegenerative diseases. 
but our employee was not who he said he was, adds lang, son of farm co - owner and prominent republican craig lang. 
at a vigil at the university of iowa where tibbetts would've started her sophomore year on monday, her brother had one request for the hundreds gathered, make a friend. 
the researchers at northeastern university in boston showed 240 students one of four news articles about a beating ? each article was the same except for the victim, which was variously an infant, a puppy, a man in his 30s, or a 6 - year - old dog. 
recent media reports predicting the imminent demise of ashley madison are greatly exaggerated, avid life media, ashley madison's parent company, says in a statement picked up by reuters. 
and engadget notes that while avid life media's statement also claims the ratio of men to active ladies on the site is 1. 
such a hit rate under those circumstances would be unusually high for someone new to this, said one law enforcement official. 
i ? m not, like, constantly looking down the whole time, ? sniffed one resident. 
though usps workers are typically valuable members of the community, entrusted to deliver the mail every day to our homes, these 16 individuals chose to abuse the public trust and used their positions to bring what they thought were large amounts of dangerous drugs into those same communities for a quick payoff, says us attorney byung j. 
the sanders campaign said the dnc had capitulated and reversed its outrageous decision, while the dnc's statement said it had decided to restore access because the sanders campaign had agreed to fully cooperate with the continuing dnc investigation of this breach. 
chris christie, the former head of donald trump's transition team has the lowest approval rating of any governor in new jersey's history. 
james comey, the former fbi director lasted not even five months under trump. 
mark fields, the ford ceo was canned after shares fell almost 40 % during his tenure. 
jeb bush insisted that he still has momentum if you look at the polls and if you look at the crowd sizes of our town hall meetings, and he said the endorsement from sen. 
this despite white house press secretary sean spicer calling nordstrom's decision to drop ivanka's line a direct attack on the president, his policies, and his family that is not acceptable. 
? tunisia has arrested 33 members of the country's despised former first family. 
a tunis air pilot has become a national hero for refusing to take off while five members of the trabelsi clan were on board a flight to france. 
he won three emmys as best actor in the role, but he also had a busy film career before and after the show. 
overweight, balding, with a thick new york accent, gandolfini was the opposite of a marquee leading man and yet he proved through his masterful acting that he could make tony soprano sexy and smart, writes nellie andreeva at deadline. 
i have decided that following these tragic events that we have no option but to cancel all future races that oscar pistorius had been contracted to compete in, his agent said after a visit to his client, who is being held in a police station, the ap reports. 
it wasn't the only thing, but it must have created the ideal conditions for a charismatic leader to emerge out of the chaos, develop an army, and concentrate power, west virginia university researcher amy hessl tells national geographic. 
a portrait of bob dylan painted by the former james bond star sold for $ 1. 
i am deeply proud, humbled and plain old over the moon joyous following the sale of this painting for 1. 
brosnan, who took up painting in 1987, according to artnet, is a trained commercial artist and has worked as an illustrator. 
an oceanfront estate in san clemente once owned by richard nixon and dubbed the western white house while he was in office is up for sale for $ 63. 
russia's consumer protection agency is now investigating the toys and encourages parents to supervise children using fidget spinners. 
deaton, a married cub scout leader with three kids, says he has tea party endorsements. 
abdul raziq, described by the journal as one of southern afghanistan's most powerful political and military figures. 
idol is an entertainment icon, and now it will air where it belongs, in abc ? s lineup of addictive fan favorites, adds disney co - chairman ben sherwood ( disney owns abc ). 
we share the nation ? s grief over this incomprehensible and senseless loss of life, and we share the desire to make our community safer, ? james debney, ceo of american outdoor brands, said when announcing the firm's latest results thursday, per the guardian. 
we hoped there would be some examples of success that you could latch onto, a study co - author says. 
they warn that obesity rates are rising among rich and poor countries, men and women, and adults and children alike. 
the 32 - year - old was on friday sentenced to just north of 21 years in prison after pleading guilty to 11 counts of first - degree criminal mistreatment and one count of third - degree assault. 
it's not a place where you'd think to look, tulane university's verano says of the site, about 100 yards from a beach. 
she quickly deleted the offending post, tweeting i shouldnt have written the inappropriate joke i heard. 
the ceos of america's top 350 publicly held companies earned an average of $ 18. 
1 million shares had been priced at $ 15 a share, which was above the target range of $ 12 to $ 14 it set last month. 
they won't go away, but at some point in time, people are going to get tired of them losing money all the time. 
facebook said it also found $ 50, 000 spent on 2, 200 potentially politically related ads that may be tied to russia. 
it also states he sent peterson photos of a female employee he claimed to have slept with and would touch peterson's butt while standing behind him. 
sources with direct knowledge of keith schiller's testimony in front of the house intelligence committee this week confirmed the account to cnn, nbc news, and abc news. 
the lake, located in the gale crater, would have been about 30 miles long and 3 miles wide. 
, sheriff's office thursday include a request to seal the results of a search conducted at prince's paisley park the day he died, reuters reports. 
carver county chief deputy jason kamerud declined to comment on reports of drugs found at prince's home. 
responsibleohio plans to spend at least $ 20 million to sway voters in what appears to be the best - financed marijuana legalization effort in us history. 
then came the celebrity - ranking report in which fan ranked last, with just nine of the 100 celebrities reviewed on their work, philanthropy, and personal integrity deemed to be socially responsible. 
i detest these kinds of views, scalise says of the european - american unity and rights organization founded by former kkk leader david duke. 
if someone in louisiana didn't know about david duke's beliefs in 2002, they must have been hiding under a very large rock somewhere, says the executive director of the state democratic party. 
some reactions, greg sargent, washington post, he was clearly out to pick a major public fight with republicans over tax cuts for the rich. 
steve benen, washington monthly, obama did a very effective job at putting republicans in a box. 
? in a bombshell ruling just a week before the winter olympics open in pyeongchang, the court of arbitration for sport has overturned the lifetime olympic bans of 28 out of 43 russian athletes accused of doping at the sochi games in 2014. 
that list was the basis for a story in the north coast journal about the high number of missing people in humboldt county. 
the newspaper shared the story thursday on facebook and asked readers if they recognized any of the missing people. 
federal officials acting on a tip confiscated the scopes from anna fermanova, 24, at new york's jfk airport earlier this year. 
we're just beginning, in the mayor's office, our conversation to get an understanding of what the general vision is for hyperloop, says bowser's chief of staff, john falcicchio. 
online court records show sayoc was arrested in miami in 2002 for making a bomb threat and received a year's probation. 
the band gave it a lot of thought and eventually decided, it was a surreal - like, once in a lifetime crazy thing to do and we would just have fun and do it, he writes, promising that in future, the band will continue to play our guts out live onstage for anyone who wants to get their brains blown out. 
you're better off drinking a cup of coffee, says one analyst of the beverages at consumerlab. 
sources tell variety that nbc news chairman andy lack, who hired kelly away from fox in early 2017, addressed the issue in a town hall meeting with staffers wednesday, saying, there is no other way to put this but i condemn those remarks, there is no place on our air or in this workplace for them. 
indeed, bannister's record stood for just 46 days, but as the bbc puts it, his place in athletics history was assured. 
ralph northam and his wife, pam, with pillowcases on their new bed plastered with mcauliffe's image. 
? asked why he would say something like that to a female host on national tv, travis reiterated, because i like boobs and the first amendment. 
kinkade, but also for the family's four daughters, who are grieving the sudden loss of their father, wrote nanette's attorneys, according to the los gatos patch. 
nbc los angeles notes the tribute came four days before the 25th anniversary of his debut album, doggystyle. 
other airports already use facial scanning for some departing international flights, but orlando will be the first airport to require the scans for all passengers on all arriving and departing international flights. 
he was this guy who was already known for making inappropriate comments, being drunk, being high, says production assistant roi maufas. 
given russia's ongoing violation of ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, all contact with russian representatives are suspended, unless the activity has been specifically excepted, an administrator told employees in a memo leaked to spaceref. 
nasa soon issued a statement confirming the memo and saying that it was laser focused on a plan to return human spaceflight launches to american soil. 
he was due for a pre - trial hearing in january and prosecutors were seeking the death penalty, reports the los angeles times. 
ocampo to death on our terms and get justice for the victims of these crimes, says a spokeswoman for the district attorney's office. 
just days after alphabet officially became google's holding company, it scooped up a brand - new domain name, abcdefghijklmnopqrstuvwxyz. 
we are determined to complete this mission with or without a ceasefire, he said of the tunnels'destruction, as per haaretz. 
the house tax plan would eliminate the tax entirely in 2024, while the senate version would double exemptions to $ 11 million for individuals and $ 22 million for couples. 
? the eldest son of former cuban leader fidel castro has taken his own life after months of being treated for profound depression, according to state - run media in cuba. 
meanwhile, the washington post reports the investigation into possible collusion between russia and the trump campaign now includes a current white house official as a significant person of interest. 
sources close to the investigation say it's now looking at a senior white house adviser close to the president. 
while the official isn't being identified, current white house officials that have admitted to having contact with russian officials include jared kushner, jeff sessions, and rex tillerson. 
both jenner and scott, 25, have reportedly been telling friends about the pregnancy, with scott even said to have claimed it's a girl. 
a source helpfully tells page six that jenner has been looking pregnant for about four months. 
alexander said 90 % of those cases were disrupted by the prism web spying program. 
but cole also said that the fourth amendment didn't apply to phone records, and that people shouldn't expect privacy for them. 
nsa deputy director chris inglis said that just 22 people at the nsa are authorized to query the phone database. 
jackson odell, best known for a role as ari caldwell on the abc sitcom the goldbergs, was found unresponsive in his tarzana residence on friday. 
among the seven more - rigorous trials, regular consumption of artificial sweeteners had no significant effect on weight loss, while among the 30 observational studies, regular consumption was tied to a higher risk of type 2 diabetes and high blood pressure, as well as modest weight gain. 
according to a study from the center for american progress, new jersey's rutgers university ? no. 
but it overturned sunday in bahawalpur, pakistan, carrying 6, 600 gallons of oil, and surrounding villagers carrying domestic pots rushed to the scene to collect oil and they also made phone calls to their relatives living in other villages to. 
according to a rescuer, somebody tried to light a cigarette, which caught fire, exploded the tanker, and engulfed all people standing around the vehicle, reports the ap. 
? we have seen damage to the left - hand lower portion of amtrak windshield that we have asked the fbi to come in and look at for us, ? says ntsb board member robert sumwalt. 
one was a southeastern pennsylvania transportation authority train, and the assistant conductor remembers hearing about it. 
the temple, a popular money - earning tourist attraction in the western province of kanchanaburi, has been criticized by animal rights activists because of allegations it's not properly set up to care for the animals and flouted regulations, the ap reports the monks resisted previous efforts to take away the tigers, and they impeded the effort again on monday morning despite the massive show of force by the authorities. 
the white house's goal is preventing assad from using chemical weapons again, a democratic aide said. 
before the result was announced sunday, us deputy secretary of state john sullivan said the us would not recognize the election winner, reports reuters. 
he said the us is considering oil sanctions on venezuela, though washington wants to target corrupt regime officials, not damage the country in a way that makes it difficult to repair after democracy is restored. 
the newspaper, quoting military sources, says a canadian sniper in iraq killed an isis militant from the mind - boggling distance of 3, 540 meters, or 2. 
and, she said, they would resell everything ( makeup, hair care, skincare, fragrance, hair tools, etc. 
even worse, several of those problematic districts are areas where santorum was expected to perform well. 
santorum is not even on the ballot in virginia, and failed to file full slates in tennessee, new hampshire, and illinois, but the eligibility requirements in ohio were considered easier. 
dan hooper, an astronomy and astrophysics professor at the university of chicago, posted a paper in the preprint journal arxiv. 
? taye diggs and idina menzel are separating after more than a decade of marriage, menzel's rep confirms to us. 
more than 1, 000 beermakers will brew batches of resilience butte county proud ipa, with 100 % of the proceeds going to camp fire relief efforts, usa today reports. 
, an area that was threatened by the camp fire, which burned more than 153, 000 acres, destroyed some 19, 000 buildings, and killed at least 85 people in butte county earlier this month. 
sierra nevada brewed its batch of resilience ipa on tuesday, founder ken grossman said in a statement, and the brewer will make it available in late december. 
patten was a business associate of konstantin kilimnik, a man us authorities have said has ties to russian intelligence. 
the goal, prosecutors say, was to influence us policy, but they say patten never filed under the foreign agents registration act. 
viagra can reportedly be effective against altitude sickness because it reduces blood pressure and improves oxygen transportation in the blood. 
a bbc reporter says the discovery of the viagra will add an air of remoteness to park, who many already see as living in a different world. 
quickly, that idea has been sent to the cutting room floor, reads a tweet friday accompanying the statement. 
former ufc champ mark coleman also speaks out, telling the wall street journal there's no way unless ( jordan's ) got dementia or something that he's got no recollection of what was going on at ohio state. 
jim jordan is one of the most outstanding people i've met since i've been in washington, trump said, adding he doesn't believe the allegations against him at all. 
in a study at a kenyan national park, researchers played recordings of different languages and voices for 47 elephant family groups, comprising hundreds of animals. 
indeed, the study is sad because it suggests that the conflict between humans and elephants is growing, says an expert. 
a brooklyn grand jury indicted peter liang, 27, on charges of second - degree manslaughter in the november shooting of akai gurley, 28, reports the daily news. 
? they didn ? t present themselves or nothing and shot him, ? gurley's girlfriend, who lives in the building, told dnainfo after the shooting. 
ron and mary tarnowski were found dead in the brookston area, near a hunting shack the family owned about 30 miles from duluth. 
the usda estimates about 30 % of all food is thrown away by stores or consumers before being eaten, according to food safety news. 
you could make movies in the ten - to - twenty - million - dollar budget range at one time, says susan seidelman, director of desperately seeking susan. 
was thomas'initial question, posed to a justice department lawyer after she presented arguments for the ban. 
amusingly, his mother chimes in, kyle is no angel, don ? t get me wrong, but i think there is a lot more to the circumstances. 
but a nato rep told bloomberg that the eln report misleadingly puts nato and russian exercises on par and that the scale and scope of russia's exercises are far beyond anything the alliance is doing. 
the agency adds criminal profiling teams found a hand - drawn map showing a route from turkey to germany ? via greece, serbia, and hungary ? on one of the suspects. 
? south korea and japan say they've reached a deal to resolve a disturbing legacy of world war ii ? the issue of sex slaves, or comfort women, forced to work in japanese brothels for soldiers. 
the world privacy forum urged congress to act to remove unsafe, unfair, and overall just deplorable lists from circulation. 
still, norad sent up two us jets basically to let those aircraft know that we see them, and in case of a threat, to let them know we are there to protect our sovereign airspace, says a spokesperson. 
the studies have not informed any policy decisions of the department of defense, ? the pentagon's press secretary insisted yesterday. 
? knatalye hope and adeline faith mata were born conjoined on april 11 and spent 10 months connected at the chest and abdomen ? but on tuesday at texas children's hospital, the girls were successfully separated. 
he was joined by chairman lynn weidner, president and coo josh randle, and board member tammy haddad. 
on friday, haskell was suspended pending an investigation as 49 former miss america winners signed a petition calling on pageant leadership to resign. 
in a statement, the miss america organization says haskell's resignation will take effect immediately. 
romney disagrees with richard mourdock's comments, and they do not reflect his views, a spokesman said, but aides wouldn't say whether romney would drop his support for mourdock's senate bid. 
the clarion - ledger reports there are as many as 7, 000 bodies buried on the campus, and they likely belong to patients of the mississippi state lunatic asylum, which in 1855 opened as the state's first mental institution. 
asked by mother jones about concerns surrounding a dwindling water supply for residents, a company rep said ethos'source is not used for municipal water for any communities. 
they counted the number of moles on 17 body sites and found women who had at least seven moles on their right arm were nine times more likely to have at least 50 moles all over their body, and that when they had more than 11 moles on their right arm, they were likely to have more than 100 moles ? signifying a drastically increased risk of skin cancer, per live science. 
the scientists then replicated the link between arm mole count and total body mole count using another study that included both males and females. 
according to the knoxville news sentinel, 57 - year - old gary simpson picked carlie trent up from her tennessee school, telling staff her father had been in an accident. 
simpson, carlie's uncle by marriage, and his wife once had custody of carlie, but her father james trent had custody at the time of her abduction. 
shannon trent, who hasn't had custody of carlie in two years, says she always had a bad feeling about simpson. 
and according to daniel morley's mother, he'd had the materials prior to the april marathon bombings. 
hall denies ever supplying drugs to prince and says he has had no contact with o'connor for 25 years. 
tesla has made several false and defamatory statements about ( martin ) tripp in an effort to discredit him, a lawyer says. 
the guardian specifically mentions musk claiming on june 20 that tesla received a call at the gigafactory that he was going to come back and shoot people. 
we hope the information we're able to provide is helpful to ( lee's family ), ? says chris nowinski of the concussion legacy foundation, which is involved in the research. 
it's like the coffee to wake up the mind - body connection, says former poker player martijn schirp, who now writes for highexistence. 
it's been around for years, too, lsd inventor albert hofmann microdosed in his old age, and the practice is described in james fadiman's 2011 book the psychedelic explorer's guide. 
john heath, 68, who used an oxygen tank in court, reported his wife missing in 1984, days after filing for divorce. 
her body was discovered by a father and son who were renovating the barn in 2010, after john heath lost it in a 2005 foreclosure. 
according to cnn, the train driver told police he entered a curve too quickly, and the country's transport secretary confirmed the tragedy appears to be linked to the train going too fast. 
the group says the sunni extremists sold off at least 27 of the women to other isis members in syria for $ 1, 000 each. 
we spent four years in a circle of hell, we suffered unspeakably, and it ruined our lives, said raffaele sollecito. 
chris hemsworth made $ 150, 000 for thor, adam driver got $ 500, 000 or so for star wars, the force awakens, and chris evans is said to have made about what gadot did for his first outing as captain america. 
elle updated its original story, adding, although the pay gap persists in hollywood, this example is not adequately supported by the information available. 
it kind of seemed like it was over for me, says former university of maine runner jesse orach, who won last year ? s race. 
? the pigs woke up, and a half - hour later they were eating, ? researcher gordana vunjak - novakovic tells the new york times. 
a building superintendent alerted to a foul smell found felicia barahona, 36, strangled with an electrical cord in her manhattan apartment on monday, while barahona's 4 - year - old son, miguel, had been drowned in a bathtub, reports people. 
miguel's father, isaac duran, 23, was arrested later monday and initially denied any involvement, saying he hadn't been to barahona's apartment since their son was born. 
he was charged tuesday with two counts of first - degree murder, reports the new york times. 
duran and barahona had started a relationship in 2011, reportedly after duran turned 18 but while barahona was his teacher at dewitt clinton high school in new york city. 
the animal lover paid about $ 1, 100 yesterday for the dogs in the city of yulin, and plans to take them home to tianjin, about 1, 240 miles away. 
the decision to move from a policy of deporting jews to the final solution was made by the nazis and was not dependent on outside influence, said netanyahu, though he stressed that grand mufti of jerusalem haj amin al - husseini supported the holocaust and collaborated with the nazis. 
while the statue of davis will be moved to the dolph briscoe center for american history, four other statues of confederate leaders, including robert e. 
after announcing his decision to move davis, ut's president said it wasn't in the university's best interest to continue commemorating him. 
for this study, however, the blood test caught early - stage ovarian cancer 68 % of the time. 
all 10 horses were removed from the water after two hours, though three later died. 
to rescue seven was a great feat, especially when having such a large number in the water, a local fire chief tells cbc. 
the navy website says he was a chicago native who graduated from the university of notre dame and in 1982 entered the navy, where he was an aviator and flew the fa - 18 hornet in strike fighter squadrons. 
a third also say they write lengthy answers on reading tests two times a year ? or less. 
then, within just a few weeks of getting a blood transfusion as part of his treatment for brain cancer, he ate salmon and experienced a severe allergic reaction within 10 minutes. 
the same thing happened when he ate a chocolate peanut butter cup four days later. 
the patient must then receive a significant amount of that blood and, within a few months, be exposed to the allergen the ige antibodies would react to. 
symptoms for cervical cancer do not appear until late, which is why the american cancer society recommends screenings and a pap test every three years from age 21, and every five years after age 30. 
the actor, clad in a pilot's uniform, opens the airline's three - minute safety video, announcing, this is your captain speaking ? well, maybe not today. 
though it offers no definitive link between zika and fetal abnormalities, the study does produce the first evidence of virus transmission from mother to child and the strongest evidence yet that the virus causes abnormally small heads and incomplete brain development, reports the verge. 
the mother had no family history of genetic abnormalities and the fetus tested negative for 13 other viruses known to cause birth defects. 
? more than 2, 500 mourners crowded friendly temple missionary baptist church in st. 
they found men who consumed more than two glasses of milk, or 16 ounces, daily had 40 % fewer brain cells in the substantia nigra, an area that shows damage in parkinson's cases, compared to men who drank less than two cups per day. 
he notes the vast majority of milk consumers do not get parkinson's disease, but this adds to the literature that diet may indeed play a role. 
she told police he threatened to kill her, telling her he had killed people before, even ex - girlfriends, out of sheer jealousy. 
prosecutors say he dug about 2 feet below the grave and buried tournai - sandoval's body, which was wrapped in several layers of industrial - grade plastic. 
detectives found a muddy shovel in sandoval's car, muddy clothes inside his home, and noticed scratch marks on his face, neck, and chest. 
irritating the lining of the esophagus could lead to increased inflammation and more rapid turnover of the cells, explains a national cancer institute investigator who was not involved with the study. 
isis militants beheaded a soldier in lebanon and posted the beheading on social media, the new york times reports. 
king abdullah didn't mention isis by name, but his words appeared aimed at drawing washington and nato forces into a wider fight against the militant group, cbs news reports. 
) the second incident occurred when patti lupone took the phone from an audience member who was texting during show for days. 
everyone was telling me to sue her, but i decided not to because it won't bring bailey back, says steve baker, the beagle's owner. 
soldiers have been called in to assist with the mandatory evacuation of the leilani estates neighborhood in the puna district of big island, which is in danger of being inundated by lava, the honolulu star - advertiser reports. 
no ticket matched tuesday's six drawn numbers, meaning the jackpot climbs from $ 458 million to $ 502 million for friday's drawing. 
the ap reports turner, convicted of sexually assaulting an unconscious woman during a frat party last january, was booked at the santa clara county jail on june 2 and is scheduled for release on sept. 
? the former secretary of state confirmed the emails'authenticity to nbc news and said the hackers have more to come. 
he reported monday that rice requested the identities of trump transition officials who were mentioned, but not named, in us intelligence reports. 
although we fully believe in her guilt ? our resources are such that we are electing not to proceed with the third trial of this defendant, particularly considering the more than 15 years she has served in prison, chief deputy district attorney sandra digiacomo said friday. 
8 million win that was nevertheless a brutal 67 % drop from its august - record $ 133. 
? this experiential workshop will teach a guided meditation / energy transfer technique which will have most participants bending cutlery using the power of their minds, says a poster for the workshop, spoon bending and the power of the mind, per the cbc. 
in its own statement to the hill, fox news lamented the unfortunate and unnecessary distractions it says were spurred by left wing advocacy groups ( that ) under the guise of being supposed'media watchdogs'weaponize social media against companies in an effort to stifle free speech. 
? how do the fish that thrive in the waters around antarctica prevent their blood from turning to ice. 
but fox says it looked into hwang's claims, we conducted a thorough investigation into these allegations and found no evidence of any wrongdoing on the part of mr. 
what came to me was that he was a human being, and i didn't want to see anybody die, letson, host of podcast reveal from the center for investigative reporting, tells npr. 
gibson fled but his apparent companion stumbled ? or someone tripped him ? and then four or five people surrounded him and began to kick and hit him, letson says. 
i had to quit school to take over the family, said bekema, who did clerical work for the army during world war ii and late worked as a preschool teacher. 
robertson told the students she attended corllins before it lost accreditation, but she also presented incomplete answers, conflicting dates, and inconsistencies in her responses, the redux reported. 
pat roberts has defeated tea party challenger milton wolf, ending what politico calls conservatives'last, best hope to topple an incumbent gop senator this year. 
the new jersey chief called the police in la, who sent a patrol car to his apartment. 
nile crocodiles can grow up to 18 feet long and weigh as much as a car, according to a press release. 
peter king said today on meet the press, saying he expected several members to depart in the near future. 
the air force chief also suggested that a ukraine missile system could have hit the plane from the ground, and he said satellite imagery suggested that ukraine had been moving such systems into the area. 
the house intelligence panel on monday voted unanimously to make public the democratic rebuttal to the gop's memo on the russia investigation. 
german chancellor angela merkel said yesterday that 2012 will be turbulent but that she will do everything to strengthen the euro, bloomberg reports. 
when more men in power become allies and care about gender equality, the power differential will shift, former tennis champ billie jean king says in a tweet. 
ramirez, who needed an interpreter in court, agreed to plead guilty in a deal that will see him spend three years in state prison, while turner will spend just six months in county jail. 
the deal shows that turner got consideration not available to other defendants who aren ? t as privileged, says michele landis dauber, a stanford professor leading a campaign to recall persky, who's a former stanford student. 
in an open letter, they argue that it will be more effective to fight for educating future judges and jurors about the realities of sexual assault, or pressing for systemic changes in how these cases are handled. 
? just when everyone was waiting for moody ? s to downgrade italy, s & p gets in first with what is a much more damaging downgrade, ? one securities analyst tells marketwatch. 
and she's doing so in a big way, bullock has pledged $ 1 million via the american red cross to help victims. 
still, the findings could raise questions about whether people with acne should take vitamin b12 supplements, observes live science. 
it seems that the vitamin changes the way skin bacteria behaves, which promotes inflammation, which in turn leads to pimples. 
? john stumpf, the wells fargo ceo slammed for his gutless leadership by sen. 
the bank's board of directors also says carrie tolstedt, who headed the retail division where workers created the phony accounts, will forfeit at least $ 19 million of the $ 125 million she was going to leave the company with at the end of the year, and will not receive severance or a bonus for 2016. 
the announcement comes as wells fargo is set to go before the house financial services committee on thursday. 
mayor prisciliano rodriguez is the fourth public official assassinated in mexico in just over a month, reuters reports. 
police took the beaten pair to a military base, where a crowd of around 1, 000 broke through the gates, seized the men, and locked them in a hot vehicle where they eventually died. 
the creatures are also simultaneous hermaphrodites, which means they have male and female sexual organs that can be used simultaneously. 
? a nun says dzhokhar tsarnaev expressed remorse, while prosecutors played video of him giving the finger to a security camera. 
miss corado ran back inside the store and collapsed behind the manager ? s desk, moore said, per the los angeles times. 
the annual canadian ufo survey by winnipeg - based ufology research shows the second highest level of sightings that we've recorded since we started doing the survey back in the 1980s, with 1, 267 across canada in 2015, rep chris rutkowski tells the cbc. 
jean - yves le drian, france's foreign minister, said wednesday that the deal is not dead, the bbc reports. 
the board is expected to approve chairman tom wheeler's guidelines to regulate the internet like a utility, as president obama suggested. 
all this ruling means is that there will be fcc jurisdiction to examine practices and hear complaints, a legal professor explains. 
the company is returning to its old advertising terms from 2010, co - founder kevin systrom wrote in a blog post. 
north korea boycotted the 1988 summer olympics in south korea, but it did send a women's hockey team and taekwondo team to competitions in south korea this year. 
colon cancer has traditionally been thought of as a disease of the elderly, says lead author samantha hendren. 
the german wehrmacht enigma i sold for $ 51, 500 to an anonymous bidder at an auction in bucharest on tuesday. 
other notables include a 1506 edition of dante's divine comedy, and a copy of isaac newton's philosophi? naturalis principia mathematica. 
in a thursday interview with fox news'sean hannity, trump accused bezos of using his washington post to try to keep trump out of the white house. 
on wednesday, the newspaper's bob woodward told the national association of realtors that we're going to do a book, we're doing articles about every phase of his life, and that 20 reporters have been put on the story. 
as in, the legend of kyle schwarber as the chicago cubs catcher puts it, per usa today. 
the first skull was discovered by a mushroom hunter monday in a wooded area of cass county. 
no we are not the bridesmaids just the guests, speranza wrote on the brand's facebook page alongside a picture of the six women with the bride, julia mammone. 
edible marijuana products are not currently legal in florida, which has a medical marijuana program but not a recreational one. 
? i warned us that all of this was coming, ? sheriff grady judd, called by the ledger a ? staunch ? opponent of medical marijuana, said. 
but a 90 - minute delay at the phoenix airport left them only seven minutes to make their connecting flight in minnesota, according to abc news. 
she reportedly said she was honored to be there and wished the leader a happy birthday, while van damme stood up and said, ? i love you mr. 
they point to the failure of 413 alzheimer's drug trials conducted between 2002 and 2012 and express our concern that one particular aspect of the disease has been neglected, as antiviral / antimicrobial treatment of ad patients. 
that's the height of irony if he's wanting a job in homeland security and you're able to see in a photograph what should be confidential information, says kansas senate minority leader anthony hensley. 
chicago mayor rahm emanuel had battled to win the museum for the city, where lucas lives part time. 
joining them are kate mckinnon as jeff sessions ( i ? m wearing a bathing costume that i got from my favorite place ? the 1890s, she drawls. 
president trump, meanwhile, said tuesday that tough new sanctions are no big deal compared to what ultimately will have to happen to north korea, cnn reports. 
? reince priebus is out as white house chief of staff, the ap reports, as president trump announced in a tweet friday, i am pleased to inform you that i have just named general / secretary john f kelly as white house chief of staff. 
? trenton lewis has never missed a shift and never been late for his 4am shift at a ups facility in little rock, ark. 
? president trump paid his respects monday after george hw bush arrived at the capitol for the final time. 
the president, who traveled down pennsylvania avenue in a motorcade, saluted the flag - draped coffin and melania trump put her hand over her heart. 
in all, the president was away from the white house less than half an hour, without a word to the public or press, says anthony zurcher at the bbc. 
our motto is nuclear energy for all and nuclear weapons for none, khamenei said, calling nuclear weapons a major and unforgivable sin. 
? the door was locked around 8, 40am yesterday when a few students arrived at jillian jacobson's photography classroom at el dorado high school in placentia, calif. 
the students who found jacobson were taken to crisis counselors immediately, and grief counselors were made available at the school. 
all those guilty of serious crimes and are condemned will face the full force of the law, jammeh said in a sunday speech, reports the la times. 
any attempt to carry out this threat would be both deeply shocking and a major setback for human rights in gambia, an amnesty international official said. 
bongiovanni's incident report said he had pulled hollins over for a busted brake light and a lack of signaling while changing lanes. 
i can tell when people are reviewing my film and when they're reviewing me personally, madonna said yesterday at the toronto international film festival, where we is screening. 
they must learn to accept their nature or accept their fate to be ridiculed and harassed, says a top cleric. 
rough night is a raunchy, wildly off - the - rails farce that feels like the summer - movie equivalent of a fidget spinner, shiny, manic, and spiraling to nowhere, she writes at entertainment weekly. 
as private citizens, the devos family supports causes and organizations that advocate for policies aligned to their personal beliefs, amway said in a statement to abc news, adding that the family believes one of the highest callings of any individual is to express their own personal beliefs as a participant in the democratic process. 
a rep for wagner, now 88, tells usa today that davern and lana wood are despicable human beings and that they should be ashamed of themselves. 
agriculture secretary sonny perdue thanked tooke in a statement for his decades of service to this nation and to the conservation of its natural resources. 
? donald trump has announced that he will nominate attorney david friedman as us ambassador to israel, selecting an envoy who supports israeli settlements and other changes to us policies in the region, reports the ap. 
friedman says he looks forward to carrying out his duties from the us embassy in israel's eternal capital, jerusalem, even though the embassy is in tel aviv. 
shattuck iii and a lifestyle guru who was once the oldest cheerleader in the nfl, was arrested in delaware yesterday and charged with third - degree rape, unlawful sexual contact with a 15 - year - old boy, and providing alcohol to minors, reports the news journal. 
shattuck, due back in court in december, pleaded not guilty and was released on $ 84, 000 bail, reports the baltimore sun. 
in the first court hearing thursday, lee's lawyers attempted to show a powerpoint presentation, only to have prosecutors fiercely object. 
only the compromise bill would open a door to citizenship for young immigrants brought to the us illegally as children ( dreamers ), and reduce the separation of children from their parents when families are detained crossing the border. 
when asked about the bills friday in a fox news interview, trump said, i certainly wouldn't sign the more moderate one. 
this discrepancy persists even when men and women hold the same jobs, according to numbers released by salary comparison site payscale, with a regular pay gap of 2. 
? jesse jackson is organizing a march this weekend in remembrance of hadiya pendleton, the chicago teen who was killed just days after performing with her school band at president obama's inauguration. 
? we can't go on for many more days like friday, a european official tells reuters. 
colleague wade everett says mari had reported being afraid of radford and had said wednesday morning, hours before the murder, that he had a gut feeling the man could harm him. 
per those rumors, grave - robbers took the skull from shakespeare's grave at the church of the holy trinity in england's stratford - upon - avon in 1794. 
in a statement to people, the hospital's medical director acknowledges that hannah did not receive the high standard of care we always pride ourselves on. 
a homeland security official recently told energy execs at a conference that even isis is beginning to perpetrate cyberattacks, per the hill. 
one downside, each scene featuring woody harrelson's colonel feels strained, not least because this usually terrific actor has been saddled with one of the film's few caricatures. 
capriati, 34, earned $ 1 million in winnings at the age of 16, and won 3 grand slams and a gold medal in the 1992 olympics. 
state department spokeswoman heather nauert said wednesday that the unprecedented incidents caused a variety of physical symptoms. 
climate scientist gordon hamilton, a 50 - year - old scotsman, died saturday when his snowmobile plunged into a crevasse in an area known as the shear zone, 25 miles south of the mcmurdo research station, according to the national science foundation, which describes the area as a three - mile wide and more than 125 - mile long swath of intensely crevassed ice where two ice shelves meet. 
kelly falkner, director of polar programs for the nsf, called the death a tragic reminder of the risks we all face in field research. 
? i am offended and appalled that an individual within our community would treat a police officer in such a manner, the pembroke pines chief of police tells cbs. 
and that ? s sort of the story i ? m telling in this book, ? zaslow said of his latest, the magic room. 
there's always vulnerability, deputy national security adviser ben rhodes noted at a press conference, per cbs news. 
trump departs friday for an ambitious first foreign trip as president that will include saudi arabia, israel, and the vatican, a nato meeting in belgium, and the g7 summit in sicily. 
among them will be new french president emmanuel macron, who will meet trump for a working lunch may 25. 
two suspected terrorists were shot dead in the series of raids, and another 15 were arrested in belgium and france, the guardian reports. 
an sk e & c official quoted by the yonhap news agency says a deluge of rain that's about three times more than usual had flooded the auxiliary dam. 
atlanta, donald glover's fx series, won best comedy series at last year's golden globes, but wasn't even nominated this year. 
shawn vinson said monday the investigation would continue throughout the night and all day tomorrow. 
the syrian government accused ford of going to the city without authorization, saying the visit is clear evidence of the us involvement in the ongoing events in syria and its bids to aggravate the situations which destabilize syria. 
one of perry's felines ? granpa rexs allen, who lived to be 34 ? broke the guinness world record for oldest cat in 1998. 
speaking with aerospace experts at the china aerospace studies initiative, deputy defense secretary robert work says the us'rival is quickly closing the technological gaps, per reuters. 
every possible service and every possible flavor you could think of was being made for sale, raj samani at intel security tells tech insider. 
police say the woman had been in a stolen suv being pursued by officers when the vehicle crashed near the pasture. 
under minnesota law, the estate of prince ? who left no known will or surviving offspring ? will be split between siblings, half - siblings, and the offspring of any deceased siblings. 
despite the order for genetic testing, eide's ruling says he is not aware of any objection or dispute to the six siblings or half - siblings being legitimate heirs. 
about 50 armed officers were on hand, and only students, parents, and staff were allowed through a security cordon. 
? a los angeles mom accused of running a multimillion - dollar marijuana grow operation in san bernardino is now suing the city to overturn its pot regulation ordinance, the ap reports. 
stephanie smith, a 43 - year - old real estate developer and mother of five, owns three buildings in san bernardino that were raided by police in december. 
in her lawsuit, she argues san bernardino's ordinance is a backdoor ban that continues the city's illogical campaign against a legal product, cbs reports. 
one florida legislator, who happens to be working for the mitt romney campaign, tried to hide behind a need to comply with ( state and ) federal law, but that ? s obviously a dodge since there could have been many ways to comply yet not sacrifice west, writes william jacobson. 
smith, who has worked in the nfl since 2003 and joined the bills last year as an administrative assistant to head coach rex ryan, is the new special teams quality control coach, reports the buffalo news. 
she started out at the new york jets, where she became a player personnel assistant in 2007 and was promoted to assistant to the head coach in 2014. 
richland county sheriff leon lott announced the firing of ben fields wednesday after an investigation found his use of force was unacceptable and he didn't follow procedure during the arrest. 
gordon felt, the president of the families of flight 93, noted, it cannot ease our pain, or bring back our loved ones. 
it will cover 100 % of pay for people making $ 52, 000 a year or less. 
wamu reports the universal paid leave act of 2015 has the votes to pass the council. 
the administration has realized the action is on the state and local level, and they gave us the money to model how this could actually work, dc council member elissa silverman tells the post. 
? a great white shark with cuts and puncture wounds on its body washed ashore, dead, on a beach in aptos, calif. 
? we may be facing an unusual degree of income - tax forecast risk, new jersey's budget and finance officer says regarding tepper's move. 
? in an interview with cbs'60 minutes on sunday, president - elect donald trump said his first priority will be arresting and deporting undocumented immigrants with criminal records, and he put a number to the effort, what we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and have criminal records, gang members, drug dealers, where a lot of these people, probably 2 million, it could be even 3 million, we are getting them out of our country or we are going to incarcerate. 
in his first press conference since the election, president obama addressed the topic of young undocumented immigrants and advised trump to think long and hard before endangering their status. 
trent mays and ma'lik richmond are not the'stars'of the steubenville rape trial, writes mallory ortberg on gawker. 
pola's sister nastassja kinski said she is deeply shocked by her sister's story, my sister is a heroine, because she has freed her heart, her soul and also her future from the weight of the secret. 
the state supreme court ruled tuesday it wouldn't be a violation of the mentally ill wang's rights to forcibly medicate him. 
and so the cd ( reportedly signed by trump ) ended up in pompeo's luggage, along with a letter to kim. 
the new york governor says there's no evidence that an explosion that rocked a crowded manhattan neighborhood, injuring 29 people, had any link to international terrorism, reports the ap. 
the democratic governor also said that 1, 000 additional national guard troops were being deployed just to err on the side of caution. 
police say limpert admitted she made the mac and cheese for her husband, but that he did not know her daughter had ingested it. 
per the police report, cops found marijuana grow tents in the home's garage as well as mushrooms, hash oil, and drug paraphernalia. 
the driver claims doherty began hitting him, believing he was being dropped off at the wrong place near east 2nd and m streets. 
maddy was last seen on surveillance video riding her scooter about 5pm sunday at the tannery arts center, described as a housing complex for local artists. 
1 million in 2009 ? up from nearly $ 660, 000 in 2007 ? much of it coming from media appearances and consulting work on behalf of health care and energy interests, ap reports. 
this, and the film's chaotic mix of personas and styles, builds to a satisfying and illuminating portrait of a poor american girl who maybe never stood a chance. 
it's a darkly satiric comedy with the tenor of a coen brothers movie and earns the sort of high marks for creative interpretation that its protagonist complained eluded her, writes brian lowry at cnn. 
she concludes by calling i, tonya a nearly flawless program and one of the year's best films. 
the lion's share of the fraud was allegedly committed by seven people at two baton rouge community health centers, who billed medicare $ 225. 
the statement said the plutonium poses no direct health issue or risk to public safety. 
? the fact that so many people in louisiana have been forced out of their own homes this week is heartbreaking, she says in a statement, urging those who can to help out and send your love and prayers their way during this devastating time. 
monica webster of the walton county sheriff's office tells the news herald that with all the bad calls they receive every day, this was a happy call. 
in a letter to the attorney consumer assistance program ( which fields complaints about lawyers ), lowell accuses attorney barry cohen of talking publicly about conversations he had with kelley in 2009, thus breaking attorney - client privilege. 
d'agostino, who was accidentally brought down by hamblin, helped the new zealand runner to her feet. 
every day there are new holes, and the ones we've filled in are dug out again, says miller of the football field, which the district just spent $ 80, 000 restoring. 
? a native american couple is suing minnesota's department of human services, attorney general, and a commissioner with the mille lacs band of ojibwe, saying the requirement to tell their tribe about their baby violates their right to due process and equal protection. 
federal law prohibits racial discrimination in adoption except in the case of native american children, and fiddler says this is the first lawsuit he's aware of that challenges notification requirements. 
( the baby, born in april, is currently living with the adoptive parents the biological ones chose. 
fox news anchor shepard smith was among those who criticized the president, saying he keeps repeating ridiculous throwaway lines that are not true at all and sort of avoiding this issue of russia as if we're some kind of fools for asking the question, the hill reports. 
following obama's reelection, americans trusted him over congressional republicans on the economy by 18 points. 
browder's donotpay guides people through appealing tickets with simple questions, such as whether parking signs were clearly visible, at no charge. 
? i think the people getting parking tickets are the most vulnerable in society, ? browder tells venture beat. 
earnest didn't take the bait when he was asked whether obama plans to go golfing on saturday, but said the president believes it's important for the institution of the presidency to pay his respects to somebody who dedicated three decades of his life to the institution of the supreme court. 
( obama says he plans to nominate an indisputably qualified candidate to replace scalia on the court. 
aside from the gunshot wound to the chest, we could see no physical signs like there had been a scuffle, he explained. 
maybe the battery will be empty before we contact again, says stephan ulamec, head of the lander mission. 
the college announced thursday that matthew mcconaughey will team up with gary ross, the director of his new film, free state of jones, and a university instructor to teach a film class at his alma mater this fall, us weekly reports. 
we are talking about putting out as many as 17 or 18 bowls of dog food, a florida fish and wildlife commission rep tells wfts. 
feeding bears results in bears losing their fear of people, a florida fish and wildlife commission rep tells wfts. 
with gags that make fozzie bear a comedic genius by comparison, this scattershot comedy isn't nearly as clever or subversive as it thinks it is, he writes at usa today, adding there are much better uses of your time than this travesty. 
william taylor, a former law enforcement officer who claims to have been head of security at the sacramento hyatt regency, has told the national enquirer that he witnessed schwarzenegger using california highway patrol officers and vehicles to ferry scantily clad young women to and from the suite where he often stayed. 
schwarzenegger's attorney martin singer, however, tells entertainment tonight that the enquirer story is totally and completely false. 
months later, pauline levinsons spied her daughter's photo on the cover of the nazi magazine sonne ins hause. 
it seems like the president has decided again to campaign instead of govern, said paul ryan. 
her brother, marcus, wrote on facebook sunday night that levine personally called my mother and said he will pay for the funeral and her plane flight, and i was blown away. 
the fda says it's had more than 14 face - to - face teleconference meetings and hundreds of email exchanges, with the company, and provided ample detailed feedback on what it must do. 
lawyers for jenkins'mother say the graphic and disturbing photos of jenkins'body in the freezer inexplicably show portions of kenneka's body exposed and raise more questions. 
photos of jenkins'body in the freezer show her with her jean jacket still on but her shirt pulled up exposing her breasts. 
, around 8am on march 25, the day before the family's suv plunged off a cliff about 15 miles north of the area, fox news reports. 
their gmc yukon went off the cliff, falling 70 feet to an embankment below, on march 26. 
after getting the tip, the fbi not only talked to tamerlan but checked out his travel history and web postings. 
but dallas county da faith johnson said at a news conference, the grand jury settled on the more serious charge after ? we presented the evidence and we explained the law. 
disapproval of how the president is handling the economy and the deficit is at a high, and two - thirds of respondents say the country is on the wrong track. 
dianne feinstein confirmed reports that the cia illegally searched senate intelligence committee computers. 
new research published in the international journal of obesity finds that the average adult eats 92 % of the food on his or her plate. 
judge david harris ruled krajnc only gave the pigs water, and since the pigs were still accepted by the slaughterhouse, krajnc didn't obstruct, interrupt, or interfere with the lawful use, enjoyment, or operation of the property. 
this sketchbook was known only to the owners, myself, and the publisher, a seuil official told the news agency thursday, noting that the drawings will be published in november and called vincent van gogh, le brouillard d ? arles ( the fog of arles ). 
the militants decided to succeed in the operation as planned, to blow up the gas complex and kill all the hostages when troops launched a final assault to end the four - day siege, said an algerian official. 
dianne feinstein on violence and the nfl, i think i can speak for all of the women in the senate when i say we are very surprised, amazed and very resolute to do something about it. 
theresa plummer probably absorbed a substance through her skin or had a reaction to something she handled in the bathroom, the coroner says, according to wjac. 
paul home after cops at ucla found a note from sarkar asking them to check on my cat and giving his minnesota address. 
as to reports of nsa leaks to come, i really have no idea what his intentions are, lon snowden said, but as of now, he is not leaking information, cnn reports. 
the russians seek to exploit vulnerability and weakness wherever they detect it, general mark carleton - smith tells the telegraph. 
the image of david, armed, offends and infringes the law, tweeted culture minister dario franceschini. 
this has become the modern definition and is used to describe friday's full moon, which is the second this month ( the first was on july 2 ). 
mike evans of the tampa bay buccaneers donated $ 11, 000 saturday to the family of a man who was shot dead by a florida sheriff's deputy in 2014. 
the family of gregory hill filed a wrongful death suit, and a jury ruled in may that hill was 99 % responsible for his death and the st. 
evans'donation pushed the hill family's gofundme page to nearly $ 100, 000. 
steve carell stopped by to host his third time, in what the av club calls a congested wheeze of an episode, packed with sketch after sketch of unimaginative premises, indifferently executed. 
and mashable highlights a sketch of carell as amazon ceo jeff bezos, which is just an extended string of trump burns, targeting his hair, his twitter addiction, his bullying behavior, and his repeated failures as a businessman. 
schneider lost his job as an air traffic controller, which grannik called a life sentence. 
? spain's prince felipe became king felipe vi at midnight as the abdication of his father, king juan carlos, became official. 
gregory weiler, who has a long history of mental illness, was arrested after motel workers in the town of miami spotted suspicious items in a garbage bin, cnn reports. 
police found 50 molotov cocktails in the trash and bomb - making materials in weiler's room, along with documents outlining his plans to set off bombs at dozens of churches. 
with his medication, he was perfectly fine and functional, but family members believe he must have stopped taking the medication, the cousin says. 
in 2014, according to court documents, settgast agreed to sell it to lawrence stifler and mary mcfadden of massachusetts for $ 425, 000. 
at 38 minutes, it was the shortest acceptance speech from an incumbent since gerald ford in 1976, politico notes. 
nicky and jess lack impact, partly because smith is not a strong leading man, he says. 
he said the ruling particularly boggles the mind in light of obama's recent executive order on immigration. 
i think this is a good section that's been upheld, he said, though he lamented the loss of the authority to arrest illegal aliens just by being there illegally. 
introducing lie detector tests, alongside the sex offenders register and close monitoring in the community, will give us one of the toughest approaches in the world to managing this group, says a justice minister in a statement, adding that the new approach will help stop sex offenders from reoffending and leaving more innocent victims in their wake. 
it was just chaos, shoemaker tells the ap, describing the scene of the wreck on us highway 80 in chunky, a town near the alabama border, about 80 miles east of jackson. 
a sheriff's deputy in texas was swept away while trying to help a stranded motorist and found two hours later clinging to a tree, according to the morning news. 
the body found attached to both a cinder block and 5 - pound bag of drywall compound on saturday has been identified as carmine carini, 35. 
but foye has bigger fish to fry than working moms getting to leave work on time. 
trump, who has offered mixed messages on russian interference in us elections ? at times even calling it a hoax ? acknowledged in a tweet that the midterms are a likely target. 
meanwhile in the senate on tuesday, two senators introduced bipartisan legislation to impose new russian sanctions, saying the us must make it abundantly clear that we will defend our nation. 
a search team ultimately found some of the boy's bones, including his skull, and they were buried over the weekend. 
today marks another milestone in the development of a whole new scientific paradigm for the treatment of serious diseases, fda commissioner scott gottlieb said in a statement. 
and thank god my three little girls weren ? t in the car with him, wrote mccormack, who has had leading roles in series including murder one and the west wing. 
the company had indicated earlier in the day that it may also have to reduce its dividend, the wall street journal reports. 
the shin bet security agency arrested three palestinians it says were recruited indirectly by al - qaeda leader ayman al - zawahiri. 
the results underestimate the problem, though, since they don't include self - injuries treated in doctors'offices or elsewhere, says lead author melissa mercado. 
officer matt kenny, a 12 - year veteran who koval said was injured in the struggle that ended in robinson's death, has been placed on administrative leave pending investigation. 
on nbc's meet the press on sunday, trump explained that gun control wouldn't help because they can be sick as hell and they ? re geniuses in a certain way. 
weiner appeared in federal court on friday and pleaded guilty to a charge of transmitting sexual material to a minor, reports the new york daily news. 
the sad weiner story is not just one of the weirdest political stories of the social media age, she writes. 
trust in our government depends upon the executive branch keeping its word, says mark rosenbaum, director of the public counsel law center, who's representing ramirez. 
the oregon legislature is weighing a tax of 5 cents per pound on wholesale coffee, including coffee beans and ground coffee. 
) the money would be earmarked for the oregon national guard youth challenge program, alternative high school programs, and primary school reading programs. 
that said, the bill will go into effect on july 1, 2018, if it receives a three - fifths majority in the state house and senate. 
a rep for house republicans says a tax on coffee is clearly not a proposal oregonians would support, and we hope democrats will disavow it just as quickly as they introduced it. 
ceo howard schultz tells cnnmoney the coffee giant is planning to open more than one new store each day in china over the next five years. 
this was especially egregious, springer writes, since the president is always looking dapper and melania trump has become a worldwide fashion icon. 
monday night, former first daughter chelsea, who's come to barron's defense before, spoke up. 
the oldest child, an 8 - year - old girl, had been chained at times to keep her from getting food, and she looked like a concentration camp victim, says sheriff scott miller. 
they can live out their days lounging with their friends, snacking on watermelon, running on wheels, chasing their tails, whatever they want to do, an apopo community manager tells npr. 
the plane was totally destroyed and all the bodies were burned and difficult to identify, indonesia's top search and rescue official tells the ap. 
police found eight dogs in jackson's home ? six pit bulls and two mixed - breeds. 
) over at cbs, anthony weiner offers up a maybe - hint that clinton will run when asked last night if he knows what wife huma abedin's role would be in a campaign. 
in the coming months, clinton plans speeches on national security and america's standing in the world. 
fertitta will reportedly buy the team from current owner leslie alexander for $ 2. 
pennsylvania state police say they arrested 47 - year - old michele leonard for driving under the influence on saturday after leonard crashed her car near an intersection in somerset county, per kdka. 
with 1, 100 students who identify as native american, the university had in august demanded that the redskins limit use of the mascot, logo, and team name during today's game. 
courage is marching across the edmund pettus bridge in selma in 1965 ( or ) facing down a tank in tiananmen square, he writes. 
in his comments before the speech, trump also mentioned former national security adviser michael flynn. 
wearing a cotton dress, flannel shirt, and scarf, avital got on board anyway. 
or as lead author douglas hamilton puts it in the los angeles times, ? it is 10 to 20 times larger than the second - biggest ring, so this thing is absolutely gargantuan. 
? researchers also found that the ring is made of up surprisingly small particles, with only about 10 % of them larger than a soccer ball. 
? maybe ring isn ? t even the right word anymore, says hamilton, maybe we should call them clouds. 
well, i'm definitely not going to run back, kostelnick said at the finish line. 
this is one of the most important steps that i have seen in recent years, ? says an oslo neuroscientist not involved with the study. 
so much so that the wisconsin man allegedly cast an in - person absentee ballot in shorewood on nov. 
its republican president, susan wagle, said that while her members support laws that define traditional marriage, they don't condone discrimination. 
this was an incredibly technical and complex rescue mission with a lot of inherent risk, their commander says, according to the national park service website. 
the news came sunday after the sun published photos of mcgregor, 46, kissing his fargo co - star mary elizabeth winstead, 32, in a busy london cafe. 
the pair met on the set of the british tv series kavanagh qc and have four daughters, clara, 21, jamyan, 16, esther, 15, and anouk, 6. 
the hacker said the data ? which includes usernames, passwords, security questions and answers, birth dates, phone numbers, and email addresses ? was likely stolen in 2012. 
the sources tell recode that government investigations and legal action in regards to breach are expected. 
deputies say the car involved in that crash was also reported stolen, and ask that anyone with information call 911, but say not to approach the suspects. 
? under a pending merger, vca animal hospitals will come under the ownership of mars, inc. 
says progressnow colorado's director, the whole intention of these ads is to raise awareness, and that's what we're doing. 
dinalynn andrews potter, 43, was arrested on suspicion of battery, and the chambers family is pushing police to file hate - crime charges, too. 
we will not allow our country ever to be at the mercy of commodity price volatility or external markets, prince mohammed bin salman told reporters gathered at a riyadh palace monday. 
the sheriff tells the courier news of bridgewater that to to prevent copycats, he won't disclose how the drug was concealed in the drawings. 
but hatch's spokesperson has an explanation, ? hatch uses ? attractive ? to describe personalities, not appearances, ? he said. 
one candidate for smallest that parker discounts is black hole singularities, although he concedes that they are maybe a million million times or even more than that smaller than the distances we've seen so far. 
rick perry ? who famously once forgot that he wanted to abolish the energy department ? to be secretary of energy. 
we know that there was a really bad storm that came in really quick out of nowhere, his wife olivia beare tells abc 7. 
police found nearly two dozen guns in his home, including assault rifles. 
cops were called to the tampa - area home after the older brother of christian gomez discovered his mother's decapitated body near garbage cans outside, cnn reports. 
a german woman's flight from austria to the caribbean was delayed 22 hours for mechanical issues, earning her a $ 680 payout. 
the 10 highest rated ceos and their approval rating, benno dorer, clorox company, 99 % jim kavanaugh, world wide technology, 99 % michael f. 
researchers at san diego state university report in the journal psychological science that when people want to portray themselves as powerful or authoritative, their voices go up in pitch, become more monotone, and exhibit more variation in loudness. 
groups working to clean up interpol celebrated, as did south korea ? which called kim's election a national triumph. 
financier and kremlin critic bill browder, who says russia used the diffusion system against him, celebrated the vote, saying, this is a real humiliation for putin, who thought he'd get away with it. 
six passengers and a pilot were on board the papillion grand canyon helicopters chopper when it crashed around 5, 20pm saturday on the hualapai nation near quartermaster canyon, hualapai nation police chief francis bradley said. 
what happened in soma is not fate, it is murder, a branch of the chamber of electrical engineers wrote yesterday, claiming the cause of the fire was negligence, not an electrical situation as presented to the public. 
the group said, per cnn, the investigation revealed that the systems to sense poisonous and explosive gases in the mine and the systems to manage the air systems were insufficient and old and air fans actually pushed flames farther through the mine. 
? i think the russians clearly intervened in the election and i think now that we know both the cia and the fbi agree the russians intervened to help trump and vladimir putin was personally involved with that, podesta continued, per politico and newsday. 
? the co - founder of the hugely popular hip - hop and skateboarding clothing brand lrg has been found dead in his laguna beach home. 
some highlights, from the new york times and washington post, romney, as president obama surveys the waldorf banquet room with everybody in white tie and finery you have to wonder what he ? s thinking, ? so little time, so much to redistribute. 
? ? on the vp, obama, i've heard some people say,'barack, you're not as young as you used to be. 
? actor randy quaid was arrested ? along with his wife evi ? friday night while trying to cross the canadian border into vermont, the cbc reports. 
according to the cbc, randy was denied permanent resident status in canada in 2013 because of the california charges. 
as of friday afternoon, cnn had the death toll at 13, five in virginia, four in florida, three in north carolina, and one ( an 11 - year - old girl ) in georgia. 
belgium is one of two countries, along with the netherlands, where euthanasia of people for psychiatric reasons ? including depression, personality disorder and asperger's ? is allowed if they can prove they have unbearable and untreatable suffering. 
federal hate crime charges were filed against bowers on saturday, 29 charges in all, including 11 counts of using a firearm to commit murder. 
the pittsburgh post - gazette reports pittsburgh police also filed charges on saturday, 11 counts of criminal homicide, six counts of attempted homicide, six counts of aggravated assault, and 13 counts of ethnic intimidation. 
at no time have i ever lent credence to a rumor that the song was inspired by anything other than ( eddy ) grant's electric avenue, wailer, aka neville livingston, tells edm. 
it was not a regular thing, rayhons told him, saying he never touched her when she didn ? t want it and i only tried to fulfill her need when she asked for it. 
there is a saying that goes,'even when dogs bark, the parade goes on,'said ri, who is due to make a speech at the un general assembly on friday. 
asked what he thought of trump referring to kim jong un as rocket man, ri simply said, i feel sorry for his aides. 
trump is due to meet with japanese prime minister shinzo abe and south korean president moon jae - in on thursday after speaking with chinese president xi jinping by phone on monday. 
noting that holder's justice department had backed obama's action, lynch said, ? i don ? t see any reason to doubt the reasonableness of those views. 
bowie's head can be a strange and dangerous place, a place you wouldn't want to live too long, brooker says. 
amoore, who was arraigned friday on charges of kidnapping, false imprisonment, and more, claims that she gave birth to a baby boy on feb. 
there would be nothing better than for us to talk about over the summer than democrats pushing a huge new energy tax, ? one republican leadership aide told the hill. 
the company says it now has a duty to show the world that cannabis consumption can be done in a safe and responsible manner in compliance with state laws and federal enforcement guidelines and will strengthen its own compliance even beyond what's required. 
gilead has avoided some $ 10 billion in taxes by moving assets to ireland, where there is a lower tax rate, and then not bringing some $ 28. 
the california highway patrol is on scene and advised that she is chained to something, a radio dispatcher told a responding officer. 
authorities revealed a note written by ibrahim el bakraoui, 29, that reads, being in a hurry, i don't know what to do, being searched for everywhere, not being safe. 
friday's hearing in manhattan was pushed into monday when an attorney hired wednesday by trump, joanna herndon, requested more time. 
he vowed to fight the terrible rule all the way up to the supreme court if necessary, to keep our citizens safe. 
a few highlights, a line from hannibal buress, they say that you roast the ones you love, but i don't like you at all, man. 
mourdock's comments that pregnancies from rape are something god intended are exactly why you don't want a bunch of politicians, mostly male, making decisions about women's health care decisions, obama said. 
evidentially, they felt they had the time to go back in, she says, explaining that people should never go back into a burning building ? and 90 % of those that do don't make it out alive. 
it identifies the men as ri yong jin, a high - ranking official in the education ministry, and hwang min, the former agriculture minister. 
? president obama next month will become the first sitting us president to visit cuba since calvin coolidge's trip to havana in 1928. 
the visit will mark a watershed moment for relations between the us and cuba and will be part of a broader trip to latin america, reports the ap. 
ted cruz, whose father fled to the us from cuba in the 1950s, said obama shouldn't visit while the castro family remains in power. 
laachraoui's dna was found on a suicide belt at the bataclan music venue and an explosive device at the stade du france following the paris attacks, nbc news reports. 
the only american firm to have signed the plan so far is pvh, the parent company of calvin klein and tommy hilfiger. 
in addition to jordan's charges, whaley was charged with assault, and england was charged with assault, theft, and child endangerment. 
police say the victim got into a fight with davis'nephew during a house party, and the nephew shot him. 
the latest cdc data finds that 2 million people a year in the us are infected with bacteria resistant to antibiotics, and at least 23, 000 die directly from those infections. 
militants clashed with security forces near al - khalis, northeast of baghdad, and took over the town of tal afar, near the syrian border. 
he was harassed so much that he once pissed in his sweatpants, says an anonymous officer from the base where manning trained, calling him a mess of a child. 
parker says the man saw a doll lying on the floor and called police, who found the infant uninjured in a car seat in the back of the truck. 
the significant interception of giant african snails is the first time this pest has been encountered in such large quantity and as a consumption entry in los angeles, a customs and border protection official says. 
the 20 - year - old was seen at 3pm on that day, just after his shift at the eldora ski resort near nederland. 
a us official tells the washington post the arrest relates to information posted on wikipedia during supreme court nominee brett kavanaugh's senate judiciary committee hearing. 
mike lee, orrin hatch, and lindsey graham were edited to include addresses, phone numbers, and email addresses, and the changes were found to be made from a capitol hill computer. 
? one person is dead and five more injured in what san antonio's police chief calls a mall robbery gone really, really bad. 
one of the robbery suspects shot and killed one of the good samaritans, and the other good samaritan then shot and wounded that suspect, reports nbc dallas - fort worth. 
the struggling economy is a double - edged sword in many ways because ( students ) and their parents have fewer resources to pay for college costs, which may lead them to take on more debt, the institute's research director tells usa today. 
in a british transport police statement, lee was de - arrested shortly after for the electricity transgression, but then was further arrested for unacceptable behaviour for getting aggressive with police. 
tim cook and other technology bigwigs ? including facebook's mark zuckerberg, amazon's jeff bezos, and alibaba's jack ma ? gathered yesterday in redmond, wash. 
i know who i am and what i want and i just can't find a man who is worthy of my time and attention, says 35 - year - old belinda stuckey. 
in the case of a woman wrongfully convicted of murdering her son, the prosecutor implied she did it to pursue a modeling career. 
? we want to demonstrate that there is an emerging consensus developing on how to preserve medicare, ryan tells the washington post. 
a joint investigation by the boulder daily camera and 9news calls into question former district attorney mary lacy's decision to exonerate the ramsey family. 
what's more, the independent experts say all of the unknown dna may be the result of inconsequential contact with other people, reports the camera. 
i put my hand on her stomach, because i ? d never felt him kick, rocha says in a new abc documentary about her daughter's murder, per people. 
beatriz, who had suffered from lupus and kidney failure, is now in stable condition, says the health minister. 
they say,'we're just doing an exercise,'and then all of a sudden they've moved all these people and capabilities somewhere, the head of us army forces in europe tells reuters. 
a senior russian diplomat says moscow has no plans to leave military equipment in belarus, and says the concern from nato is just artificial buffoonery over routine war games that is aimed at justifying the sharp intensification of the nato bloc ( activities ) along the perimeter of russian territory. 
the ap reports there were 51 confirmed breeding pairs of bald eagles in the state last year. 
after prosecutors laid out in detail hasan's role in the 2009 rampage that killed 13 people, the judge told hasan he could go. 
cordileone's appointment by pope benedict re - emphasizes the vatican's concern about gay marriage even in a city like san francisco, father thomas j. 
paranoia is very high, says san francisco supervisor scott wiener, whose district includes most holy redeemer church in the castro, which could be the largest gay catholic congregation in the nation. 
on saturday, trump tweeted, dwayne wade ? s cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in chicago. 
usa today reports that one of brown's last facebook posts included the words, if i leave this earth today, at least youll know i care about others more then i cared about my damn self. 
sure, daniels famously called for a truce on social issues, but he's about to sign into law a bill that is a compilation of the anti - abortion movement ? s greatest hits. 
in its tribute to this maverick chemist, psychedelic pioneer, and inspiring human being, boing boing quotes shulgin himself, everyone deserves the license to explore the nature of his own soul. 
several other people, often in televised trials, have also been convicted and sentenced to death, according to reports. 
lenhardt also told her sponsor that she woke up the night of the party to find her daughter's 16 - year - old boyfriend having sex with her. 
the bill eases the sequester spending cuts, providing just upward of $ 1 trillion to federal agencies and another $ 92 billion for overseas operations for a total of $ 1. 
the measure slashes homeland security funding by $ 336 million, with most of the cuts at the tsa. 
? japan has made the decision to raise the fukushima dai - ichi nuclear disaster severity level from 5 to 7. 
japan finally has an estimate on how much radiation has been released, the level is an indication of the total radioactive materials emitted. 
2 million terabecquerels ? said a rep for japan's nuclear and industrial safety agency. 
the latest, olbermann ? s exit package was ? well in excess ? of $ 7 million, sources tell tmz. 
ryder johnson's car was found parked at gross dam road that evening, and the gross reservoir was searched afterward. 
a severed foot found in a hiking boot in june at the ski resort was determined not to belong to johnson. 
police say joseph white, 29, made the admission during a polygraph pretest at the meadville state police barracks on jan. 
he allegedly admitted to consensual sex and other sexual contact with the girl four years ago. 
i'm honored to be chosen, proud to represent the us, and humbled by the significance of carrying the flag and all it stands for, he says in a team usa release. 
reince priebus to debbie wasserman schultz on 2012, it sounds like the new slogan is no longer'hope and change. 
anthony horowitz, author of the new bond novel trigger mortis ? officially commissioned by ian fleming's estate ? says in an extensive interview with the daily mail, for me, idris elba is a bit too rough to play the part. 
that oyster was like a razor blade, like a surgeon ? s scalpel, it went straight through, michelle o'brien says, per kfor. 
worse still, one of the world's most popular bananas, the cavendish, is particularly susceptible to this strain. 
demille's 1923 movie the ten commandments, has been restored after it was excavated from california's guadalupe - nipomo dunes. 
the video also shows the child placing the muzzle of the gun in ( her ) mouth, police say in a statement ( amended here ). 
barnes has been charged with child neglect, allowing a child to possess a firearm, and criminal recklessness with a deadly weapon, and wilson faces the same charges, nbc news reports. 
this is all about weight ? they surveyed the earth's biomass, meaning the carbon content in living creatures. 
elsewhere on the sunday dial, bob corker on obama's tax offer, there is a growing group of folks looking at this and realizing that we don ? t have a lot of cards as it relates to the tax issue. 
cory booker on his career prospects, i am absolutely considering running for governor, as well as giving other options some consideration. 
newt gingrich on hillary clinton's 2016 prospects, it's virtually impossible for any democrat to deny her the nomination, and a clinton candidacy clears the field. 
sayre's death, ruled a murder, helped launch a task force now investigating all six cases. 
public health england says the man contracted this super - gonorrhea during a sexual encounter with a woman in southeast asia. 
you can ? t talk about the pacific crest trail without mentioning the crowds, pete brook writes for outside. 
presidio county judge cinderela guevara says the supreme court justice died of a heart attack. 
if you ? re asking for an autopsy, that ? s what we need to clarify, the marshal told her, per guevara. 
she goes on, as part of my investigation, one of the things i did ask the sheriff and the us marshal,'were there any signs of foul play. 
berndt, ? said brian claypool, who is representing five possible victims in the case. 
she ? d start giggling and then pick out two pretty girls and walk them over to the door, added claypool, who did not name the teacher. 
he's allegedly consulting with daughter ivanka trump and son - in - law jared kushner on a mini - media conglomerate. 
? i know she is going through as much pain as i am feeling, ? sandra walker told wsb - tv of her encounter with tamara matthews. 
the government has been given until friday to file a response in the case, which applies to the nuns and other roman catholic nonprofit groups using the same health plan. 
last month, twitter received a fax from cbp demanding the login information, phone number, and mailing address of the user behind the account. 
in its lawsuit, twitter says it and its users have a first amendment right to disseminate such anonymous or pseudonymous political speech. 
? the island nation of palau is preparing for a visit from japan's emperor akihito next week with an unusual and grim task, it's investigating long - sealed caves on the island of peleliu to look for the remains of japanese soldiers from world war ii. 
? mollie and her 18 - year - old girlfriend, mary kristene chapa, had been shot in the head by an unknown assailant. 
the man, of no current address, was then taken to atlanta's grady memorial hospital with burns to 85 % to 90 % of his body. 
in our wildest dreams we never expected to find what we did, says university of warwick researcher mark williams. 
when leaders in various fields ask me for advice, my response is always the same, dialogue, dialogue, dialogue, he said, per usa today. 
the species is too complicated to split into just 14 populations, she says, and they still face multiple threats, including boat strikes and entanglement. 
patrons who check their phones at the door of eva restaurant get a 5 % discount. 
eva is home, and we want to create that environment of home, and we want people to connect again, owner mark gold tells kpcc. 
? ? shigehisa takada, chief executive of the japanese supplier takata, over his company's air bag issues. 
while three muon technologies confirmed its existence, we don't know whether this big void is horizontal or inclined. 
thwaites shared the biology prize with charles foster, another brit who has spent time living in the wild as, among other things, a badger, an otter, and a fox. 
in the second shooting, a 19 - year - old nolan ryan henderson of jackson state university was shot dead in the face at a pool party. 
ironically, the promise of open data was supposed to lead to open - minded discussion, notes tech crunch's gregory ferenstein, but it appears that transparency lends itself equally to being both a tool of democracy or a partisan weapon. 
? to me, if you were going to design a trigger for this disease, this would really fit the mold really well, ? says a researcher at weill cornell medical college in new york. 
? police found yonatan daniel aguilar dead in the bedroom closet of his family's los angeles home in august ? and authorities say the malnourished boy, who was 11 years old but weighed just 34 pounds, had been hidden away in locked closets for three years. 
yonatan's risk of abuse at home was gauged as high four times in the three years before he disappeared. 
72 a gallon ? a record high for this time of year ? but it's expected to be about $ 3. 
? after the us announced it's flying b - 52 bombers over south korea, the north is issuing its latest warning, us military bases in guam and japan are in its striking range. 
in its statement, the first since the raid, the army threatened that if the us carries out more raids like sunday's, it will review its cooperation with washington. 
or it might be an elaborate way of describing someone regarded as a'halfwit'? ie, that is the way that he would think of performing the sexual act. 
the word has germanic roots and is related to words that have sexual meanings as well as meaning ( s ) such as'to strike'or'to move back and forth,'writes jesse sheidlower in his book the f word. 
the three men then lifted the xbox and other items and ran into nearby woods, police say. 
new york city mayor bill de blasio said he understands people are frustrated that city officials were caught off guard by the storm and promised a full review of what happened here. 
it includes this quote from an aha board member defending the no animals were harmed disclaimer, ? i think what people think ( it means ) is that when a horse dies in the movies, it didn ? t really die, ? she says. 
despite the white house release of the president's certificate of live birth, 17 % of americans think he was definitely or probably not born in the us, according to a recent poll taken after obama's birth certificate announcement. 
the idea was a video daily double with the category of potent potables, macdonald said, in which cosby would be mixing a drink in a video that was taped 6 months ago. 
thomas, who has won every year since nathan began holding a separate women's competition in 2011, ate a record 45 dogs last year. 
obama needs to understand that if he acts in defiance of the people and imposes his will on the country, congress will act, mcconnell says. 
this will definitely help our family no longer live in fear, fear that we will have to drop everything if our parents are deported, says a 20 - year - old woman in portland whose parents lack legal status. 
johnny duckworth found $ 3, 000 tuesday in an envelope that had fallen behind a booth at randy's southside diner in grand junction, the ap reports. 
the trade of body parts is not, in and of itself, illegal, but crimes have been committed, an fbi agent says in an affidavit. 
releasing the photos means treating bin laden like a big enough deal that the world should gawk at his fate. 
i'd like to send a message home, director apichatpong weerasethakul said in accepting the palme d'or. 
south korea is expected to lead the pack for both sexes in 2030 with life expectancy at 84 for men and 91 for women ? a world first. 
for example, south korea has seen gains in economy and education and declines in infant mortality, cardiovascular diseases, and stomach cancers. 
france and japan are expected to trail south korea for female life expectancy at 88. 
during celebrations, staffers say ford drank heavily from a bottle of vodka and was seen at city hall with a woman believed to be an escort. 
george's chapel in windsor castle on may 19, 2018, which is unusual for a royal wedding as it falls on a saturday. 
the court disagreed, writing in its decision, the plain meaning of the term'medical technology'does not encompass a kitchen implement such as a turkey baster. 
moses is now estranged from his mother and many of his siblings, but is close to allen and his wife, moses'adopted half - sister soon - yi previn. 
moses calls the whole fiasco mia's vengeful way to pay ( allen ) back for falling in love with soon - yi. 
rather, the company focuses on youth, education, marriage enrichment, and local communities, says campus pride. 
once again, drug smuggling organizations have demonstrated their creativity in attempting to smuggle large quantities of narcotics across the us - mexico border, said port director efrain solis jr. 
in more bad news for thicke, marvin gaye's children filed an injunction in court tuesday to prevent the copying, distributing, and performing of blurred lines after a jury determined last week that thicke and his fellow performers on the song copied elements of the r & b icon's 1977 hit got to give it up. 
as for manitowoc residents, the talkative, curious people i had come upon a decade earlier ? avoided any talk about making a murderer, or simply spotted my notebook and walked away, writes davey. 
after he made the bust, and reported it as an honor code violation, another 21 students came forward. 
windi thomas, 44, pleaded guilty to third - degree murder in the march 18 death of keeno butler in exchange for a recommended sentence of 18 to 36 years in state prison, the erie times - news reports. 
dean - charles chapman currently plays king tommen baratheon on the show, a role he took over from a younger actor in 2014. 
the bbc reports there were two children at the hospital at the same time recovering from malaria they picked up in africa, though they were in a different ward and sofia received no blood transfusions. 
two years ago, amy nicholls bought a microscope from ebay seller med express. 
med express claimed nicholls'bad review hurt its reputation and sued her for libel. 
) still, the gulf coast dead zone remains second in size only to one off finland. 
it's been a question if i was at fault for his death, and i've carried it for so long, anderson tells cbs news. 
that terminates or in any way affects ( her ) rights as surviving spouse, janice rooney's lawyer said. 
court - appointed conservator michael augustine has dismissed the claim as totally without merit, accusing janice rooney of pursuing it because she cannot resist her additional five minutes of fame. 
? per the hill, this is the rule from the office of government ethics she appears to have run afoul of, an employee shall not use his public office for his own private gain, for the endorsement of any product, service, or enterprise, or for the private gain of friends, relatives. 
the las vegas metropolitan police department undersheriff says the department has opened up an internal investigation to determine the source of the leaks. 
the prime minister ? s claim to the public, that ? there is no and there never has been any mass surveillance,'is false, snowden writes in a piece for the intercept. 
bronfman and other members of the group's inner circle committed a broad range of serious crimes from identity theft and obstruction of justice to sex trafficking, all to promote and protect raniere and nxivm, us attorney richard donoghue said tuesday. 
organization co - founder nancy salzman, her daughter lauren, and bookkeeper kathy russell were also arrested on racketeering charges and released on bail tuesday. 
raniere and smallville actress allison mack were indicted on sex trafficking charges in april. 
the police department says in a statement that it is very concerned and will be investigating the matter, and macy's says it uses commercially manufactured, multicolor confetti, not shredded paper in the parade. 
a spokesman for russia's foreign ministry told reuters that the captured pirates will be probably be handed over to regional authorities. 
president trump has shown courage, and true love of the israeli people and their capital, the team said in a statement. 
? a murder suspect and the detective who was questioning him were both found dead at police headquarters in jackson, mississippi. 
as detective eric smith, 40, interviewed jeremy powell, 23, other officers heard gunshots. 
the actor bought him drink after drink after drink and when my son was drunk, spacey made his move and sexually assaulted him, said heather unruh at a press conference wednesday. 
unruh, who appeared with an attorney, says her son filed a police report last week and handed over evidence. 
says a police department rep, they said this was the worst thing they had ever seen in their lives, and these are seasoned detectives. 
in two statements, officers timothy loehmann and frank garmback say they were investigating a report of a guy with a gun in a park outside a recreation center on nov. 
loehmann's lawyer says his statement was given against legal advice since the officer is the target of a criminal investigation and evidence is now being presented to a cuyahoga county grand jury. 
police say smith became belligerent and uncooperative after being selected for secondary screening and was arrested in the gate area after making a comment suggesting he was in possession of a bomb. 
we knew that these processes had been happening, says columbia professor marco tedesco, lead author of a new study in the journal cryosphere. 
women who used acetaminophen for 20 weeks or longer had a 50 % higher chance of their children being prescribed adhd medication. 
the current recommendation is for parents to place babies on their backs to sleep, and the researchers say this is even more important if the baby is swaddled. 
our costs are double that of europe and nearly four times ford in asia, says ford australia ceo bob graziano. 
lohan has never shown up at an la coroner's office, where she was supposed to work 120 hours, and rarely appeared at a women's shelter, where she was required to put in 360 hours. 
los angeles county superior court judge stephanie sautner today reviews lohan's probation progress. 
some will believe the abduction was some sort of hoax, plan to gain money, or some fabricated race war, but i do not see a purpose in addressing each preposterous lie, he says. 
the school has announced that it will accept scores from the chinese exam on entrance applications, making it the first flagship state school in the us to do so. 
a virginia hospital says sextuplets born may 11 to ajibola taiwo, a native of nigeria, are thriving. 
and clinton made it a memorable one, noting i've gotten to spend time with ( perry ) and i know how deeply she cares about making our world a better place and that we need champions like katy now more than ever. 
? the recommendation from the us preventative services task force that women in their 40s should not get mammograms is not government policy, said the secretary of health and human services. 
instead, williams will head to msnbc, reports cnn, where he'll anchor breaking news and special reports, while lester holt's interim role on nightly news will become permanent. 
tom is very happy and relieved that he is moving forward, a source close to the actor tells e. 
this is the first time underwater larvae or any vertebrate larvae have been known to make sounds, the bbc notes. 
it's nice to see you all again, it's been a while, said annabella sciorra, who was joined onstage by ashley judd and salma hayek. 
the video montage included weinstein accuser mira sorvino, who noted that everyone is getting a voice to express something that has been happening forever, not only in hollywood, but in every walk of life. 
fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter - day saints members dale barlow and brian jessop, and paragon contractors were fined $ 1. 
obama, the president called for peace and calm and a transparent investigation, reports usa today. 
jay nixon, speaking after mccaskill at the same church, he promised an operational shift in police tactics. 
joking about putin's op - ed on cnn last week, mccain said, i would love to have a commentary in pravda. 
channels that do get funding are looking at similar figures to those in the first round of investment, between $ 1 million and $ 5 million. 
in a tweet late thursday, trump warned of the potential for big danger at the us - mexico border in arizona, demanding, nancy and chuck must approve boarder security and the wall. 
he will scare the bejesus out of some fifth - level auditor who is going to say,'goodness gracious, maybe i ought to look at whoever he is attacking at the moment,'says oliver, who was a top pentagon acquisition official in the 1990s. 
the cia had insisted that the intelligence committee staffers use computers at agency headquarters to review millions of documents related to its interrogation program. 
i don ? t think state has ever operated on its own, independent of the us military, in an environment that is quite as threatening on such a large scale, ? said another former ambassador. 
deputy mayor mary becker, who says fisk was an old family friend, will now become acting mayor. 
volkswagen ? s young darth vader ad went viral before it even aired. 
nat geo wild, however, says viewers did not see or understand the full context of the encounter. 
it adds cesar took precautions and the pig was tended to immediately afterward, healed quickly, and showed no lasting signs of distress. 
he wrote recently of the pain of seeing too many friends go to the mountains only to never return ? climbing is either a beautiful gift or a curse. 
( police ) were guessing whenever the person broke in, they were probably surprised i had a pig, and were like,'we don't want to deal with this,'the homeowner, a single mom with four kids, tells wxin. 
they are good people, dolphins owner stephen ross said in a statement, but both exhibited poor judgment. 
however, it has grown increasingly frustrated with north korea's defiance of un demands that it end missile tests and development of nuclear weapons. 
inspectors must use an electro - magnetic process that detects cracks invisible to the naked eye. 
forty north carolina counties were subject to preclearance until june, when the supreme court struck down part of the voting rights act. 
we've been confident throughout this case that we would get to trial, and i believe we will get to trial, says julia olson, attorney for the 21 young people who filed suit in 2015. 
the kill was as humane and ethical as one could get in a hunting situation on big game animals, he says, adding that no one cares more about these animals than us hunters, especially me, and that the bear's hide and meat did not go to waste. 
a devout iphone user at mashable calls the note7 the best smartphone money can buy and the most impressive smartphone ever created. 
nascar driver kasey kahne tweeted that steele was one of the best and such a good guy to hang out and have a beer with, while hendrick motorsports driver alex bowman wrote, man, i love open wheel racing, but something has to change. 
according to 2011 agency documents leaked by edward snowden, the nsa grabs millions of images per day ? about 55, 000 of which are good enough for facial recognition. 
fox59 reports that the carmel home took seven years and $ 20 million to build in the tradition of an english country manor. 
the republican governor and his wife, sheena, released a joint statement wednesday night after kmov reported that greitens had a sexual relationship with his former hairdresser in 2015. 
? president trump asked the audience friday at the conservative political action conference. 
? critics are warning about the very real risk of a botched execution in what is to be the first us case of capital punishment using fentanyl. 
fentanyl, a synthetic opioid well known for its role in the opioid epidemic, has never been used in an execution before. 
davis also felt the fetus ? tremble violently in the womb, as if someone were applying an electric shock to her, and i knew then what i needed to do. 
after the abortion, an indescribable blackness followed, writes davis in forgetting to be afraid, and when i finally did come through it, i emerged a different person. 
davis also writes of a previously disclosed procedure to terminate an earlier ectopic pregnancy in which the embryo was implanted outside the uterus. 
from june 2014 to november 2015, there were 87 cases in genesee county, 10 of them fatal, per the michigan department of health and human services. 
the employees had been in a breakthrough in performance training class, and a man with a microphone asked them each to explain why they ranked lowest in the class, the south china morning post reports. 
shanxi rural credit cooperatives union confirmed the video was taken during zhangze rural commercial bank's training on saturday. 
claire hough, 14, was found strangled with sand pushed into her mouth at torrey pines state beach on aug. 
the body of barbara nantais, 15, was found beaten and strangled, with one breast cut. 
? a month ago, lamar austin was hired by a security company for a 90 - day trial period that involved him being on call 24 / 7. 
if i have to choose between work and family, i ? m always going to pick my family, austin told the monitor shortly after his son's birth. 
bus had stopped and lowered its stop - arm on the road near rochester around 7am, just before a northbound pickup truck slammed into the children as they crossed the southbound lane, indiana state police sgt. 
she was found dead in her condo on july 23 with a gun in her left hand and a gunshot wound above her left ear. 
the instant pot community on facebook has 750, 000 members, and a chef who teaches an instant pot cooking class describes some fans as cult - like worshippers. 
police said the suspect, orlando tercero, fled to nicaragua before anderson's body was found. 
the victim and male student had a previous domestic / romantic relationship, police said in a statement prior to his arrest. 
another message read, bernie for president, while still another sign said, work is canceled. 
at least eight people were injured in the slide saturday morning, which officials describe as a a big wall of mud and debris caused by ground made unstable by recent rainfall. 
? one person is dead and five are injured after ice caves on washington state's big four mountain collapsed yesterday for the second day in a row. 
the most common misdeeds were hiding cash ( 58 % ), hiding minor purchases ( 54 % ), and hiding a bill ( 30 % ). 
but a decent number admitted to hiding major purchases ( 16 % ), keeping a secret bank account ( 15 % ), and lying about debt or earnings ( 11 % ). 
for her part, allison matsu tweeted, ? left down house in tears after the gm called up and asked the bartender to hand me the phone. 
all stool samples taken from eight participants of a small study by environment agency austria were found to contain plastic particles ranging in size from. 
this suggests plastic contamination during food processing or packaging and indicates a high likelihood that also many other people involuntarily ingest microplastics, philipp schwabl, lead author of the study yet to be published in a peer - reviewed journal, tells live science. 
while further research will explore what this means for human health, researchers say microplastics could transmit toxic chemicals and pathogens and affect the digestive system's immune response. 
decolletes ( the french word for cleavage ) are partly covered in our regulations, which state that in respect to shirts the second from the top button may also be opened, in addition to the very top button, says ecu general secretary sava stoisavljevic. 
tsunami warnings were issued for the caribbean coasts of mexico and central america as well as islands including puerto rico and cuba, but they were called off after about an hour, the ap reports. 
it felt like a bulldozer was driving past, rodrigo anaya rodriguez tells the guardian from his home in the mexican state of quintana roo. 
i have zero tolerance for behavior like i witnessed on the video today, gary tuggle, the pd's interim commissioner, said. 
? prominent christian blogger and author glennon doyle melton is dating soccer star abby wambach just three months after divorcing her husband, jezebel reports. 
? the tipping point that led jennifer garner to stage an intervention and get estranged husband ben affleck into rehab came from a photo. 
still, he was referred once more to one of the country's largest hospitals, the samsung medical center in seoul. 
i wasn't trying to change the genre, i was just trying to write what i thought, what was interesting to me, nixon told npr in 2010. 
prior to the new law, many french workers weren't sure when they were legally allowed to ignore work emails. 
as new york puts it, if you mention a terrorist's email address or phone number to a friend overseas, the nsa intends to find out. 
a spokeswoman for france's accident investigation agency tells cnn that investigators are dismayed by the leak. 
in a 55 - minute video posted online, zawahri called the new entity the fruit of a blessed effort of more than two years to gather the mujahedeen in the indian subcontinent and vowed to bring islamic law to the entire region. 
when he complained, management told him six flags policy required riders to have at least one fully formed arm all the way down to the fingers to ride, according to the dallas observer. 
? former president george hw bush has been hospitalized in houston but the 92 - year - old is fine and is expected to go home in a few days, his chief of staff says. 
the 35 - year - old heath is being held on $ 1 million bond and has been placed on administrative leave. 
the ap notes jacob was dressed as batman in his tiny blue casket during wednesday's service. 
the problem is that people don't see themselves as living the burger king lifestyle, the chief of brand consulting firm ries & amp. 
police say they found dorner's pickup truck torched on a forest road, with footprints trailing away through the snow. 
when you're dealing with a wild animal like this anything can happen, he added, noting, their teeth are always on display and they are very sharp. 
the 49 - year - old new york man had said in his benefits application that he couldn't do basic things like cook for himself, exercise, shave, or get around the house. 
in april, caltabiano was sentenced to 57 months and mccarten to three years'probation, per a press release. 
dutch salvage company smit is performing the operation, which has been delayed by bad weather and the search for survivors. 
the signal was detected by the ratan - 600 radio telescope in zelenchukskaya on may 15, 2015, but only just made public in a paper, reports the website centauri dreams. 
the search for extraterrestrial intelligence has begun looking into it, and the signal is provocative enough that the ratan - 600 researchers are calling for permanent monitoring of this target, writes paul gilster. 
amy adams gave up her first - class seat to a us serviceman today on a delta flight from detroit to los angeles. 
the syrian government and its main allies, russia and iran, say they will abide by the weeklong truce, but the country's most powerful insurgent groups have not yet said whether they will, reports ap. 
if the truce holds for a week, the us and russia would begin intelligence sharing and target coordination against the islamic state and al - qaeda - linked militants. 
harry also focused on climate change, the military, mental health, and asked obama a lightning round of questions. 
many of the negative experiences she went through could have been avoided if ( she ) had not been prohibited from terminating her pregnancy in the familiar environment of her own country, the committee says, calling on ireland to allow effective, timely, and accessible procedures for pregnancy termination. 
al franken to sponsor a defense bill amendment stipulating that defense contractors can't bar lawsuits from employees for sex assault. 
a docent told me not to bother to pick it up, because they were throwing it away, tumblin, who once ran the hair and makeup department at universal studios, told the telegraph last month. 
a straw hat worn by leigh fetched $ 52, 500, while a black bonnet donned by leigh and olivia de havilland's character melanie wilkes sold for $ 30, 000, reuters reports. 
co from any of its platforms, including instagram and messenger, reports the new york daily news. 
i don't believe that facebook and instagram want tsu to go viral, one user from colombia says. 
of the american spectator compares gingrich to bill clinton, calling them both 1960s generation narcissists and noting that, for girl hopping gingrich, there are private encounters with the fair sex that doubtless will come out. 
? a lawyer for tamir rice's family calls it the cruelest thing he's ever seen. 
prosecutors are expected to present the case to a grand jury to determine whether loehmann and his partner should face criminal charges. 
the military ? has decided to assume its responsibilities and end the incompetent and disavowed regime of amadou toumani toure, ? the troops said, adding that it ? does not in any way aim to confiscate power, and we solemnly swear to return power to a democratically elected president as soon as national unity and territorial integrity are established. 
the agency is offering a $ 30, 000 prize in a space poop challenge if someone can create a system inside a space suit that collects human waste for up to 144 hours and routes it away from the body, without the use of hands. 
given enough time, infection, and even sepsis can set in, says astronaut rick mastracchio in a video. 
the state's supreme court ruled tuesday that some 20, 667 people accused of drunk driving could have their cases tossed because of sgt. 
the ruling means that test results from five of new jersey's 21 counties ? middlesex, monmouth, ocean, somerset, and union ? are inadmissible as evidence if they involve alcotest machines that dennis handled. 
survivor patrick downes, we would never wish the devastation and pain we have experienced on any of you, said downes, who lost a leg, as did his new wife. 
fox 17 noted in september that the couple had lived in maine for nearly a decade before heading to michigan in 2014. 
the station also noted that police were investigating whether knight could be hiding out in one of maine's amish communities. 
catharines, where he suffered a head injury and effectively forgot who he was until this year, when he told a social worker he remembered. 
? you can move the chess pieces around all you want, ? says the former treasury official who ran the analysis. 
yates was charged with the felonies of possession and trafficking in drugs, which could net him up to a $ 30, 000 fine and up to 16 years in prison if he's convicted. 
tyson calls the behavior inexcusable and says it fired 10 employees at the virginia facilities shown in the video. 
? hurricane irma has made a second landfall in florida as it moves up the state's west coast. 
on sunday morning, irma made its first landfall at cudjoe key in the florida keys. 
texas restrictions on abortions are among the strictest in the us, the 2013 hb2 law has shut more than half the state's 41 abortion clinics. 
at the time, sabrina de sousa was working undercover for the cia in italy but tells npr she was 150 miles away on a ski trip with her son during the week nasr was kidnapped. 
de sousa appealed her extradition to portugal's highest court but lost that appeal wednesday. 
a chromogenic color print of the gursky photo below, entitled rhein ii, sold for a whopping $ 4. 
schuette filed criminal charges in april against two other state employees and a city water utility official. 
half of the trial patients at minneapolis va health care system were given opioids, while the other half were given acetaminophen and nonsteroidal anti - inflammatory drugs ( nsaids ). 
however, he said russo should have seen tikalsky ? who was wearing a reflective jacket ? regardless. 
i saw a panda jump out in front of me, its body completely covered in mud, the man told local news. 
? people names ryan reynolds 2010's sexiest man alive, but the actor wants you to know that my body naturally wants to look like dick van dyke, he says. 
a un rep confirms that one of the team's vehicles was deliberately shot at multiple times by unidentified snipers in damascus. 
is it possible to respond to chemical weapons without complete unity on the un security council. 
police say the software will allow them to react instantly if banned songs are played at concerts, far - right gatherings, or on internet radio stations. 
he was blind, deaf, and jerking violently, making these inhuman sounds, said fred, who also said it looked like someone had taken a pair of pliers and rearranged his bottom teeth. 
before mh370 disappeared and mh17 was shot down over ukraine, the airline suffered from what afp calls poor management, unwise business decisions, government meddling, and unfavorable service and supplier contracts stemming from malaysia's crony capitalism. 
the airline may also reduce the frequency of flights or the size of aircraft on long - haul routes to europe to focus more on regional flights, though a flagship route to london will be unaltered. 
leading the north's delegation was hwang pyong so, who has risen this year to become the second most powerful person behind kim. 
police tell people that 45 - year - old suzanne taylor and daughters taylor pifer, 21, and kylie pifer, who would have been 19 on sunday, were discovered dead under covers in a bed, as if they had been tucked in. 
the mother's boyfriend, scott plymale, is believed to have called 911 sunday evening after taylor pifer's boyfriend, dale koster, found the bodies in the north royalton home and called him, cleveland. 
after first giving a full - throated cry, police say, the girl began struggling to breathe, but with the help of the child's mother, officer reynolds cleared the baby's airway and got her breathing again. 
i just don't think they did enough to convince customers that chipotle food was safe to eat, an equity research analyst tells usa today. 
frances bean cobain was married to silva for 21 months, and she's been trying to get the martin d - 18e ( which had the bridge flipped so cobain, a leftie, could play it comfortably ) back ever since they split in march. 
? a delaware family that became seriously ill in the us virgin islands was poisoned by an odorless and highly toxic pesticide that should never have been used indoors, according to environmental protection agency investigators. 
bill has penned a love note to his wife nearly every day since 1974. 
when they started commuting on the same long island railroad train, he began by jotting notes to her on napkins. 
as for this valentine's day, we'll probably have a nice dinner, a special bottle of wine, and a piece of chocolate, he says. 
the president of the miss america organization says longacre's lawsuit is without merit and we will defend it vigorously, reports the ap. 
the autopsies confirmed all eight victims ? three women, four men, and a 16 - year - old boy ? were fatally shot. 
police have received 300 tips, sent 79 pieces of evidence for analysis, and are still serving search warrants, reports the ap. 
as huge tons of silt are deposited in the sea, the bottom is moving up, brooks said during the hearing about using technology to address climate change. 
pwc said in a statement monday night that once the error occurred, protocols for correcting it were not followed through quickly enough by mr. 
page six points out that, in an interview earlier this month, cullinan had noted, it doesn ? t sound very complicated, but you have to make sure you give the presenter the right envelope. 
diane stretton over the weekend emailed marcella and ralph bracamonte's lawyer blaming the weather and the media for her failure to depart their california home, abc news reports. 
spain's interior minister says the remains effectively appear to be those of denise, adding that the suspect was little - known in his own neighborhood and did not relate much to society. 
seoul, which confirmed the launch today, will not be strongly condemnatory of this test because right now they are very, very keen to get the north koreans to the negotiating table. 
felicia nevins sought the pasco county sheriff's office's help after she forgot to remove a rubber o - ring from the container, the ap reports ? and the next thing nevins knew, the incident was all over social media. 
make no mistake, this was a potentially dangerous situation, a statement by pasco sheriff chris nocco noted. 
in her letter released wednesday, bardack says a ct scan showed clinton had mild, non - contagious bacterial pneumonia for which she is taking antibiotics, according to the washington post. 
walker also said this of the book, in icke ? s books there is the whole of existence, on this planet and several others, to think about. 
the affidavit alleges that owner brad harris, 34, texted nurses orders such as, you need to make this patient go bye - bye. 
president obama ordered the move at the white house ? as a mark of respect for the victims of the senseless acts of violence perpetrated, and the flag will remain that way through saturday. 
i've taken valium, hydrocodone, marijuana, cocaine, xanax, and i think i tried ecstasy once, says couch, who testified that he was often allowed to stay alone at the family's second home. 
the final crash lawsuit was settled last week and couch is now out of rehab and working at his father's sheet - metal company, reports abc. 
1 % over the course of the recession, from 2007 to 2009 ? 1 percentage point worse than the earlier estimate of 4. 
schettino was released from house arrest last week, but faces multiple manslaughter charges. 
police say a 58 - year - old man was arrested monday after a search of his home and cars turned up additional lennon items. 
police say they became aware of the items when a bankruptcy administrator at the auctionata auction house contacted them in july, the ap reports. 
she says that when investigators flew to new york to have ono verify the items, the widow was very emotional and we noticed clearly how much these things mean to her and how happy she would be to have them back. 
but animosity is higher than usual following threats by us president donald trump to unleash fire and fury on the north, and pyongyang's stated plan to consider firing some of its missiles toward guam. 
? at this point, there isn ? t anything we can do to stop the virus, ? says an official with the national oceanic and atmospheric administration. 
in all, about 40 million have been affected by the disaster, with most of the deaths coming in the northern indian states of bihar, uttar pradesh, west bengal, and assam. 
these ( techniques ) are formed in a way to help the child relax, fall asleep faster and sleep calmer every night, forssen ehrlin says. 
? a new orleans judge officially approved robert durst's february plea deal on a gun charge and sentenced him to seven years in prison on wednesday, reuters reports. 
in california, durst will face a murder charge in the 2000 death of friend susan berman, the ap reports. 
tom vilsack on that other ( farm bill )'cliff,'consumers are going to be shocked when instead of seeing $ 3. 
mccoy was convicted and sentenced to death, and now mccoy is arguing that his constitutional right to mount a defense was violated. 
witnesses saw mccoy's car leaving the area, and cops later found the phone his mother - in - law used to call 911 in the vehicle. 
? port authority police officer jesse turano was patrolling the george washington bridge tuesday night when he got a call about a man who had entered a closed walkway, even after a security guard ordered him not to. 
when he got there, turano could just tell by his mannerisms that the man was possibly emotionally disturbed, he tells the star - ledger. 
officer turano grabbed him around the waist while the man was airborne ( and ) pulled him back onto the walkway, a port authority rep tells nj. 
the new york post reports that 2012 saw a record number of suicides on the bridge, 18, as well as 43 attempts. 
franklin tells the detroit news, through her publicist, that the news nerd article was not presented as satire or humor. 
the judge called fleming in many ways the most remarkable witness he and his fellow judges had ever encountered, and the court ordered the state to pay her legal costs. 
tests showed she had cerebral malaria, the deadliest form of the disease, and she died monday after being moved to a hospital in brescia. 
a doctor says it was the first case of native malaria he's seen in trento in 30 years. 
ida lockett says she was helping her son put together a playmobil pirate ship set when she came to instructions to put a shackle around the neck of one of the dark - skinned pirates. 
? the boy's aunt, who purchased the pirate ship set, posted on the playmobil facebook page that she was mortified. 
fort san marcos was built more than 100 years before english settlers arrived in what is now south carolina. 
let's put our pants back on the right way, drake urges, adding that his proposed switch would force death row inmates to think about their punishment every morning. 
the official xinhua news agency reports that the case had its beginnings in june, when a resident of beiliu city in south china's guangxi region reported that his dead grandfather's body was taken from its grave. 
we have heard concerns about the complexity of the requirements and the need for more time to implement them effectively, writes treasury official mark mazur in a blog post. 
researchers josue ortega and philipp hergovich found online dating has completely upended how society is formed. 
it's very unusual for a diamond of this size in this part of the world, dominion chief executive officer shane durgin tells bloomberg. 
german prosecutors say that it appears lubitz researched both suicide methods and cockpit door security during the period from march 16 to march 23, reports the ap. 
? mel b filed last month to divorce husband stephen belafonte, from whom she's been separated since december. 
she claims that every time she tried to leave, he threatened to destroy her life and take the children. 
that sentence has since been reduced to life in prison, but in april a florida judge scheduled a november hearing to determine if new evidence could undermine the verdict. 
mcgowan called streep a hypocrite over reports streep plans to wear black to the golden globes in support of sexual assault victims, usa today reports. 
police say surveillance video captured one of the workers burning the 2 - year - olds with a hot glue gun while the other woman watched and laughed, people reports. 
susana gonzalez, 27, faces five misdemeanor charges of causing the circumstances of child endangerment over the dec. 
prosecutors say cosme, who brought the glue gun for a christmas project, was captured on video applying the hot glue directly to the hands and arms of the three girls and two boys. 
? three scientists from the united states, france, and canada have been awarded the nobel prize in physics for advances in laser physics, including the first woman to take home the prize in 55 years. 
? gisele bundchen says her husband, nfl quarterback tom brady, has a history of concussions and even suffered one last year, though such an injury was never reported by the new england patriots. 
by the time the fire engines reached the plane, the flames were about a meter high, passenger amit jain tells today. 
scott - heron rose to prominence in 1970 with the album, small talk at 125th and lenox, and continued to record into the early'80s. 
there are some anecdotal connections between his story and a multitude of characters, the wire creator david simon said in 2014. 
according to reuters, 32 - year - old joseph schreiber is believed to be behind sunday's arson at the islamic center of fort pierce. 
before ruddy, on abc sunday, trump attorney jay sekulow perhaps got all this started by refusing to rule out the possibility of trump firing mueller. 
my dad showed me them awhile back, but he never mentioned that's what was going on in the photos, maggie poukkula, 19, tells rolling stone. 
that first concert featured the early nirvana lineup of cobain, bassist krist novoselic, and drummer aaron burckhard playing original songs and led zeppelin covers. 
it will also sell off its kool, salem, winston, maverick, and blu ecigs brands to imperial tobacco group for $ 7. 
all three were found in her system, but the coroner is still waiting for toxicology results before the major contributing factor of her demise can be determined, the source says, adding that drowning is almost certainly not to blame, her heart stopped beating because her respiratory system was suppressed because of the anti - anxiety meds, and combined with the booze it probably happened very quickly before she was found partially submerged in the bathtub. 
a short time later on cnn's new day, spicer said the remarks trump made to morning joes'mika brzezinski was a private conversation. 
i asked one of the nurses what would happen to my baby, and she just said,'well, it will be incinerated with the rest of the day's waste. 
based on our review, we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in july, the letter reads, per cnn. 
when the american media was allowed into the oval office, they found trump sitting with richard nixon's secretary of state, henry kissinger ? also a surprise appearance. 
it ? s how the first two bushes took out dukakis, gore, and kerry ? and how jeb plans to take out hillary, bill curry writes. 
we cannot overstate the public safety hazard that operating motorized scooters pose on city sidewalks, said city attorney dennis herrera in a cease - and - desist letter to the companies monday, per slate. 
? as for herman cain, carville said, he ? says funny things ? but ? is not gonna be the republican nomination for president. 
more from today's football games, the san francisco 49ers beat the new orleans saints in a thrilling 36 - 32 game today. 
but he also played tommen's cousin, martyn lannister, in a few episodes of the show back in the third season, mashable explains. 
not to scare people, heidi blood tells the news, but when there ? s one, there ? s typically another. 
? i want my kids to know there is no shame in getting help when you need it, and to be a source of strength for anyone out there who needs help but is afraid to take the first step, ben affleck writes in a facebook post disclosing a recent stint in rehab for alcohol addiction. 
the painting was discovered to have been stolen from a baltimore museum in 1951, and now fuqua is fighting to hold onto it. 
among the fbi's 28 microscopic hair experts, 26 overstated forensic matches to favor the prosecution in nearly all of the 268 cases reviewed so far, the washington post reports. 
he was diagnosed with parkinson's disease six years later and died in june at age 65. 
now parkinson's uk is funding a study that will see swabs taken from 200 people with and without parkinson's and studied by a team of smell experts, including milne. 
rampal, a follower of the indian mystic kabir, had repeatedly failed to appear in court after he was accused in the death of a man during a 2006 clash at another ashram. 
and while fatal roller coaster accidents are rare, most times that you have death accidents, it was something either ignorant or human error, adds a safety inspector for amusement parks. 
schumer, who identified herself as an actress and comedian, told me she wanted to buy it for me as a thank you for letting her use the bathroom, lazarre says. 
? a hacker going by the dark overlord claims to have stolen and released 10 episodes of the new season of orange is the new black more than a month before its official release on netflix. 
o'connor, now 44 and the mother of four, has always turned her back on the conventions of beauty that are apparently necessary for media acceptance, writes turner. 
she did joke that it was a good thing she'd watched all those survivor shows that she didn't like, but her dad made her watch anyway, a family friend tells the seattle times. 
the remaining democrats, max baucus, daniel inouye, james clyburn, and chris van hollen. 
of the 27 auto brands tracked by the survey, 15 showed a decline in customer satisfaction. 
ted cruz, who's pushing for an amendment that would allow insurance companies to sell plans that don't meet federal coverage requirements. 
national security adviser john bolton will travel to moscow next week to discuss a possible meeting between trump and vladimir putin, reports politico. 
strassman was born in 1948 in new york city and went to los angeles at age 18. 
this was followed by her role on kotter, then as the mom opposite rick moranis in the disney hit and its sequel. 
meanwhile, about 87 % of lead actors, 87 % of directors, and 92 % of writers for the top 163 films of 2014 were white, according to a new ucla study, per the washington post. 
joy covey, 50, was riding on a rural road in woodside, california, when she collided with a minivan as it turned onto another street. 
a car pulled up behind him, and the driver told rincon that her granddaughter was about to give birth, the ap reports. 
he acknowledged that techniques were used that had not been authorized, were abhorrent, and rightly should be repudiated by all, notes politico, and that we fell short when it came to holding some officers accountable for their mistakes. 
the cnn statement from parker, a pulitzer - winning columnist with the washington post, i have decided to return to a schedule that will allow me to focus more on my syndicated newspaper column and other writings. 
the cold snap doesn't disprove global warming at all ? it's just a blip in the long - term heating trend, a scientist at the national center for atmospheric research tells ap. 
it's called anaplastic large - cell lymphoma, and in these cases, it usually forms in the scar tissue around the implant. 
one manufacturer of implants said a woman is more likely to be struck by lightning than get this condition. 
police chief david brown said the man identified himself as james boulware and blamed police for accusing him of being a terrorist and causing him to lose custody of his son. 
he blames the police for taking his son away from him, his father, jim boulware, tells the newspaper. 
one such reason is that it would allow political parties and candidates to funnel campaign donations through tax - exempt churches with no oversight. 
san francisco's hard - hitting, opportunistic defense set the tone the same way it has all season, putting the 49ers back in the nfc championship for the first time since the 1997 season. 
playing defense and protecting the football are what they do best, and that formula led to a 20 - 13 victory over the houston texans today, putting baltimore in the afc title game against the new england patriots next sunday, with the winner advancing to the super bowl in indianapolis on feb. 
the judge ruled that a copyright filed in 1935 and acquired by warner in 1988 only covered specific piano arrangements of the tune and not the lyrics, the bbc reports. 
goes - 16 captures a full image of earth every 15 minutes and one of the continental us every five minutes, and it can scan five times faster than current goes imagers. 
luke ? s medical center is one of america's most storied hospitals when it comes to heart transplants. 
two months after the transplant his family learned what went wrong that day, the defibrillator dr. 
masahiro ono tried to use to jolt the new heart into rhythm wasn't working. 
the marlins are owned by jeffrey loria, who paid $ 158 million for the team in 2002. 
that individual that really did these crimes might really be raping someone out there, vargas warned a judge before he was sentenced in 1999. 
? this is the first time i ? ve been slightly alarmed, the head of a local islamic group tells the morning news. 
grimm has sufficiently pled a title ix claim of sex discrimination under a gender stereotyping theory, allen wrote, ordering lawyers for the school board and former student gavin grimm to schedule a settlement conference. 
the supreme court last year declined to hear the case and sent it back to a lower court. 
apart from potential difficulties caused by poor detail on an electronic map, batteries on mobile phones have a nasty habit of running out just when you need them most, the telegraph quotes a spokesperson for mountain rescue england and wales as saying. 
leston lawrence, found guilty in november of smuggling 22 gold pucks out of the royal canadian mint in his rectum, has been sentenced to 30 months in prison and ordered to pay his former employers the full market value of the stolen gold, the cbc reports. 
in a financial release, ford said that it plans to transition to just two cars over the next few years, the ford mustang and the new ford active, a crossover vehicle to be released next year. 
according to planning documents obtained by newsweek, the department of defense is aware of nearly 200 armed militias already operating along the southwest border. 
reported incidents of unregulated militias stealing national guard equipment during deployments, reads an intelligence assessment for the pentagon by the joint force land component commander threat working group. 
time reports the speaker of the house released a 45 - second video friday that plays like a campaign ad. 
ryan, one of the most popular figures the party has, will also chair the republican national convention. 
in addition to saving soshe, according to khou, the missouri humane society team rescued several other dogs, chickens, and horses during its 10 - day deployment. 
they were designed to mimic the hands of gods, pulling a strip of gold out of the land, says vu viet anh of ta landscape architecture in ho chi minh city, which designed the new pedestrian bridge in thien thai garden. 
next, participants took a color accuracy test in which they had to look at 48 color patches that had been desaturated to look nearly gray, then identify whether each was red, yellow, green, or blue. 
nuclear plant operators dumped sea water into two reactors in a last - ditch attempt to keep temperatures down, as officials warned a second explosion could occur, but would not pose a health threat. 
the prolonged negotiations over raising the debt ceiling ( following the episode in august 2011 ) risks undermining confidence in the role of the us dollar as the preeminent global reserve currency, by casting doubt over the full faith and credit of the us. 
obama campaign director jim messina said he could not disagree with hilary rosen any more strongly, while david axelrod said he was disappointed by her comments. 
the check did clear and was deposited in the bank, ? a salvation army spokeswoman tells reuters. 
a pakistani taliban spokesman says the attack was revenge for a military offensive against the militants in areas including north waziristan, where he says hundreds of innocent people have been killed. 
amid obama's lifelong struggle to get off cigarettes, his physician recommended he stick with the chewing. 
as for firing at pursuing colorado troopers with an ak - 47, we weren't trying to hurt anyone, we just wanted them to get back, she told investigators. 
in a ruling that the ioc warned could have a serious impact on the future fight against doping, the cas said the bans were being overturned not because the athletes were being declared innocent, but in their case, due to insufficient evidence, the bbc reports. 
the ioc also said the upholding of sanctions against some athletes clearly demonstrates once more the existence of the systemic manipulation of the anti - doping system at sochi 2014. 
the couple's four children are three girls ages 1, 4, and 8, and a 14 - year - old boy. 
oakland mayor jean quan tells ktvu that police have been told to make the murder a priority and will be putting investigators on overtime and really focusing on this. 
the company also deactivated location sharing on desktops and released a june 4 update that required users to opt in to location sharing. 
more specifically, beavers like to mark their territory with a musky, vanilla compound located in sacs between the pelvis and the base of the tail. 
you can milk the anal glands so you can extract the fluid, wildlife ecologist joanne crawford tells national geographic. 
william brumby was firing in the last shooting lane at high noon gun range, where there was a solid wall to his right, when a spent shell casing hit that wall and ricocheted into the back of brumby's shirt. 
it would also be just the 19th album to ever hit the million mark in one week since nielsen soundscan started tracking sales in 1991. 
and the biggest debut - week seller since swift's last album, red, sold 1. 
surrogate pattaramon chanbua said if we tried to take our little boy, she's going to get the police and she's going to come and take our little girl, farnell said, via sky news, referring to gammy's twin sister. 
it was late into the pregnancy that we learned the boy had down's, farnell says, noting that no parent wants a son with a disability. 
but bezos says he doesn't even consider musk's company, or richard branson's virgin galactic, to be competitors. 
months later, choi's ex - husband, director shin sang - ok, was also kidnapped when he went to hong kong to look for her. 
habitat for humanity states carter was taken to the hospital as a precaution and the former president is doing fine. 
within just two generations, the big birds were a distinct species, as confirmed by genomic sequencing and their own unique physical characteristics. 
the average number of cigarettes smoked daily per smoker has actually risen since 1980, from 15 to 22. 
but david leonhardt writes for the times that it also seems possible that the more respect and even reverence for the idea of marriage in conservative communities affects people's behavior and attitudes toward their marriages, adding that, given the widespread anxiety right now about upward mobility ? it's worth looking for potential lessons from any political ideology. 
he'd never seen anything like this before, the head of the pasadena humane society tells the los angeles times. 
the body of lois hicks, 88, was in an open casket at odessa's sunset funeral home. 
ricken of green bay to declare ? with moral certainty ? that brise had encounters ? of a supernatural character ? that are ? worthy of belief. 
two other bodies found in the home are believed to be the couple's 10 - year - old son, philip, and veralicia figueroa, one of their housekeepers. 
a recent study by bard college's center for the study of the drone underscores the danger in us airspace, with 327 close encounters of drones flying within 500 feet of manned aircraft between december 2013 and september 2015, and at least 28 pilots ( maneuvering ) to avoid a collision with a drone. 
the jury rejected sandra layne's claim that she shot jonathan hoffman, 17, in self - defense. 
she described the guilty verdict as a final vindication for my son, to restore his good name and reputation. 
it looks like there's a single origin, though there appears to have been a little bit of gene flow between wolves and dogs post - domestication. 
we wanted to make sure businesses that were there were successful, councilman john mcalister tells the san francisco chronicle of the 2014 agreement, which he says came in response to complaints that google's free employee meals were hurting local businesses. 
the independent reports 17 - year - old vera mol of the netherlands died in 2015 after jumping from a bridge in spain before her cord was secured to anything. 
the telegraph reports the director of the company that employs the instructor will face prosecution for homicide through negligence. 
our neighbors and the entire foothill community are in shock, an editor of the santa barbara independent says. 
police say a neighbor called 911 sunday afternoon after hearing a man yelling you wanna die. 
in a statement, the company said it regrets that residents have suffered an egregious insult at an already difficult time. 
he is the 1, 150th member to make the supreme sacrifice while serving our city, the department said in a facebook post. 
? yuli gurriel of the houston astros hit a home run in the second inning off dodgers pitcher yu darvish friday night, giving him reason to celebrate in the dugout afterward. 
in the captain's book goodbye natalie, goodbye splendour, he recalls that on the night she drowned, wood was drinking and taking quaaludes with wagner and walken. 
he says he was later told natalie is missing by wagner, who allegedly refused to let him call the coast guard. 
perez, who is pregnant and faces up to 10 years in prison, was released on $ 7, 000 bail. 
? the catholic church has hired two private investigators to track down a former dallas priest who disappeared months before sexual abuse allegations against him surfaced. 
this february, church officials also learned of sexual abuse allegations, which were reported to police and found to be credible, bishop edward burns told parishioners on sunday. 
scarlett johansson welcomed baby rose with fiance romain dauriac, reports the ap. 
the mistresses star, 41, and her husband, david bugliari, also have a 3 - year - old boy, milo. 
obama was fallon's sole guest, though dave chappelle and jerry seinfeld appeared for a game of catchphrase. 
she was then serenaded by her favorite singer stevie wonder, who altered the lyrics of my cherie amour, singing my michelle amour, you're the only one that we adore ? you'll always be first lady in our lives. 
4 million that was meant to fund a ugandan community policing program has been halted, and $ 3 million planned to fund a national public health institute will be reallocated to another unnamed african country. 
police say her father, wilbert carter, left her in the car sometime sunday, and wbal - tv reports that she was inside it for at least 16 hours. 
the father went home at some point in time last night, a police official said yesterday. 
? probably a pilgrim from the foros peninsula went on a pilgrimage to ephesus, and came back here with this relic, which was then donated to the basilica on foros, ? says the director of the burgas regional museum of history in bulgaria. 
salman has reached out for its meals more keenly than for kalpana, a zookeeper complains to the indian express, adding that the female is seen trying to entice him but he lies in a corner and refuses to respond. 
the late stone temple pilots frontman's ex - wife, mary forsberg, has filed court documents in an attempt to be named executor of weiland's will, people reports. 
as far as we know the white house honey brown ale is the first alcohol brewed or distilled on the white house grounds, even though george washington distilled whiskey and brewed beer at mount vernon, thomas jefferson fermented his own wine, and there was drinking during prohibition, writes kass. 
in a friday evening tweet, trump says the magazine informed him he was probably going to be granted the title for the second year in a row but that it would require an interview and a major photo shoot. 
? after six months in the hospital being treated for brain cancer, 4 - year - old jillian massey was sent home for the holidays. 
details and developments, the soldier, he's a pretty nice guy, the lead south korean surgeon says of the 24 - year - old defector, identified only by the name oh. 
but climate change, a lack of federal policies, and hundreds of billions of gallons of untreated sewage pouring into the water isn't helping matters. 
, is looking for three interns to send around the world for four months to explore beer for themselves and share their stories with wob drinkers across the country. 
world of beer is particularly looking for strong writers ? the interns'work will be published in draft magazine ? and people with large followings on social media, a rep says. 
a death certificate found in 2008 revealed the teen's skull was crushed from an unknown cause. 
thomas, believed to be either 15 or 17, was one of the 100 boys who died at the marianna school between 1900 and 1952. 
the late carrie fisher will appear in the upcoming star wars film thanks to unused footage, reports people. 
finding a truly satisfying conclusion to the skywalker saga without her eluded us, ( and ) we were never going to recast, or use a cg character. 
the other two women, ages 30 and 24 and also from new orleans like stavis, were hospitalized with injuries commonly associated with electric shock. 
as the headline of reporter jessica pressler's piece proclaimed, because a stuyvesant senior made $ 72 million trading stocks on his lunch break. 
19 to find crews cleaning up blood in their bathroom, and that crews presented him with an infant baby girl and said, this is our baby. 
the agent was performing surveillance for a drug probe when a bmw drove by and the suspect apparently shot him in the shoulder. 
evil walks among us, he said, adding, god help us if we don ? t harden our schools. 
among them, juan cuenca lorente, the 36 - year - old former director of murcia's volleyball club, which visser, a popular dutch player, played for from 2009 to 2011. 
the embattled media mogul has apologized to the family of milly dowler, the schoolgirl murdered in 2002 whose phone was allegedly hacked by murdoch's news of the world. 
i don't think somebody could have held their head in their hands so many times and said that they were sorry, says the family's lawyer of murdoch. 
gerald said bob was excited about performing with devo again, and his death came as a total shock to us all. 
police say scott bertics shot and killed clare orton on july 21 at her home. 
( the chronicle notes that lower receivers on homemade guns normally bear the numbers, though incomplete ones can be bought as just simple pieces of metal. 
israel yesterday sought un security council action over rocket attacks from gaza. 
much work was done on the new school, a former middle school in a neighboring town, to make the students feel at home. 
the americans were dominated by mexico for most of the game but won the friendly 1 - 0 with a late goal from michael orozco fiscal, the ap reports. 
the team is back in action for a pair of world cup qualifiers against jamaica next month. 
while the court ? s ruling is specific to san diego county, its rationale isn't, explains the spokesman. 
sincerely, elsemiek's father, hans de borst from monster, whose life is ruined. 
? anti - nance, if he can't perform the basic functions of his job, which are to deliver impartiality, fairness and justice to all families in his courtroom, then he shouldn't be a judge, says kentucky fairness campaign director chris hartman. 
but there are better reasons why i should, said edwards, who starred in a reality tv show after getting out of prison. 
after referring to trump as a voice for unity and calm, it called on leaders and the media to join the president in trying to unite and heal our country rather than incite more division. 
but plenty of fans came to the rapper's defense on social media, arguing that he has used similar sound effects without problems during countless other live performances, including at a new york city music festival just a week ago, time reports. 
he has used this effect ? as have hundreds other artists ? in his live show for over 10 years, a spokesperson said in a statement. 
more, kassig, a former us army ranger, founded an organization to aid refugees from the syrian civil war. 
buses that were supposed to evacuate fighters and civilians to rebel - held areas outside the city returned to their depots wednesday morning, the ap reports. 
after the all - clear was given, cnn worldwide president jeff zucker thanked authorities for the swift action and praised the patience and professionalism of staff. 
was illegally deceptive and violated consumer - rights regulations, intentionally coercing thousands of people to enter a contest that they never had an actual chance of winning, says the founder of the center lovell contest fair practices commission, a group made up of dozens of unhappy contestants. 
? stephen colbert's well - covered joke about president trump, vladimir putin, and oral sex has netted more than 5, 700 complaints to the fcc since the may 1 episode of the late show. 
fcc chairman ajit pai says they are reviewing the complaints, but that doesn't mean the complaints have merit. 
earlier this year, neeson said the death of natasha richardson still didn't seem real. 
the latest test involved a miniaturized and lighter nuclear device with greater explosive force than previously in 2006 and 2009, the country said. 
hagel is an in - your - face nomination by the president, charged lindsey graham, who would be the most antagonistic secretary of defense toward the state of israel in our nation ? s history. 
mcconnell on a potential challenge from ashley judd, look, the election is going to occur in 2014. 
if libyan civilians start getting killed by foreign troops, the current anti - gadhafi narrative could change quickly into an iraq - like rage against western imperialism. 
police often take any money they have out of their pockets and force them to walk back to detroit, with no guarantee of any safety, an aclu attorney tells wwj newsradio 950. 
police say eulalio tordil, wanted on suspicion of shooting and killing his estranged wife outside a maryland high school on thursday, may be responsible for one or both of friday's shootings. 
hautzenrader allegedly tried to flush the baby down the toilet because it wasn't crying and she thought it was dead. 
there are some who prefer to snub the giorgio armani show and go to paris, he said at a press conference after the show, apparently referring to the vogue editor. 
as for wintour, her rep tells women's wear daily, anna has the greatest respect for giorgio armani and everything he has done for italy and fashion worldwide. 
he has been charged with one count of criminal trespassing and two counts of disorderly conduct, reports the new york times. 
it's like a child who is being told not to do something, the editor - in - chief of the stock trader's almanac tells businessweek. 
trump called north korea a thing that i think we will solve, per fox news. 
teething can be managed without prescription or over - the - counter remedies, says janet woodcock, director of the agency's center for drug evaluation and research. 
dave thomas says he ran back to his house and grabbed the ar - 15 over my handgun ? bigger gun, i think a little more of an intimidation factor. 
this boy, my son, will be surrounded by very strong, educated, powerful women, longoria previously said, per people. 
? after she broke her back, olympic skier maria komissarova of russia had successful surgery, a rep for the russian freestyle federation tells ria novosti. 
) the wall street journal pegs the company's potential value at between $ 75 billion and $ 100 billion. 
he has spent trillions of dollars to rescue the moneyed interests and left workers and homeowners to their own devices, says unger, who is also a well - known brazilian politician. 
after reiterating that obama must be defeated, unger concludes, only a political reversal can allow the voice of democratic prophecy to speak once again in american life. 
a piece in the conversation based on the report published in the south african journal of science explains the technique is very sensitive to residues that can be preserved in pipes even if they had been smoked 400 years ago. 
this is a very strange star, lead researcher massimo marengo said in a nasa press release. 
? about 10 people were sickened after a suspicious package arrived in the mailroom of an irs building in kansas city, missouri, friday morning, a fire official tells the ap. 
ruth ann steinhagen, whose story inspired the robert redford movie the natural, was 83 when she died dec. 
no pro - lifer would ever want to punish a woman who has chosen abortion, says the president of the march for life education and defense fund. 
the local police chief described the men arrested as locals, according to the guardian, adding, ? a search operation is on to arrest the remaining four accused. 
the 25 - year - old victim is the third tourist raped in the area in that past four years, the times of india reports. 
50 per share of kate spade, a 9 % premium to its friday closing price of $ 16. 
in a wrongful death lawsuit filed sunday, rondini's parents accuse the university, school officials, sheriff's deputies, and rondini's alleged rapist of enabling her suicide in february 2016. 
trump is promising the middle class will be the biggest winners of his tax plan, which will cause jobs to start pouring into our country. 
mcclure and d'amico have interfered, spending more than half of the $ 402, 000 raised to fund a lifestyle that they could not otherwise afford, the lawsuit claims, per abc news. 
? defying fierce opposition from the united states and a few other nations, nearly 85 % of the countries at the un agreed monday on a sweeping yet non - binding accord to ensure safe, orderly, and humane migration. 
the un's international organization for migration estimates there are 1 billion migrants worldwide, or nearly one in every seven humans, and more than 60, 000 migrants have died on the move since the year 2000, un secretary - general antonio guterres told a migration conference in marrakesh, morocco. 
the conference is the capstone of efforts set in motion two years ago when all 193 un member states, including the us under president barack obama, adopted a declaration saying that no country can manage international migration on its own and agreed to work on a global compact. 
it said it could not support a'compact'or process that could impose policy and said the agreement failed to distinguish adequately between legal and illegal immigrants. 
deangelo, a former police officer, is believed to be responsible for a series of murders, rapes, and burglaries committed decades ago. 
the prosecutors from northern, central, and southern california stand united on team justice, sacramento da anne marie schubert said, according to abc. 
? pinkus knew that harper lee was an elderly woman with physical infirmities that made it difficult for her to read and see, ? says the complaint filed in federal court yesterday. 
but after considering all these factors ? including institutional investors, who said internal rules limit how much they can put into a private company ? i met with tesla ? s board of directors yesterday and let them know that i believe the better path is for tesla to remain public. 
officials say the stolen helicopter fired 15 shots at the interior ministry before launching four grenades at the supreme court building, reuters reports. 
the two dined together before the crash, and she said the captain asked the crew to slow down so he could have dessert before taking the helm for the pass - by of giglio. 
she had two memorable quotes today, when you are someone's lover, no one asks you for a ticket, and, outside court, today, i died a second time. 
the report from the internal review indicates that abbott was trying to be sarcastic and to address the situation as he perceived it, register said, continuing, i don't know what's in his heart but i certainly know what came out of his mouth. 
a cardiologist told her the next day that she'd suffered a widow maker heart attack. 
a few lines from rosie's poem, my lad was 99 % blocked they call this type of heart attack the widow maker i am lucky to be here know the symptoms ladies listen to the voice inside the one we all so easily ignore call 911 save urself see more about rosie's health scare. 
us ambassador to the un susan rice said in response that the interview proves gadhafi is delusional. 
another source tells radar moore has been taking adderall and drinking energy drinks and starving herself. 
at first taaffe thought it was a prank ? people knew my phone number, so it could've been anybody, he tells wftv. 
she has responded well to treatment but continues to receive expert clinical care 24 hours a day, said the medical director for salisbury district hospital thursday. 
authorities revealed wednesday that the skripals first came into contact with the nerve agent at sergei skripal's home, where it was found on the front door. 
i would like to reiterate public health england ? s advice that the risk to the public is low, said deputy assistant commissioner dean haydon, noting that officers would be searching the play area. 
? when william mccormack went into a medical center in the adirondacks last month with severe stomach pains, he ended up getting an emergency appendectomy. 
thomas made a similar remark about the japanese american internment, of which i am a survivor, writes takei, who thinks that a sitting justice of the supreme court ought to know better. 
sources tell tmz she didn't do well on her field sobriety test, then refused to take a breathalyzer and was arrested. 
kushner spoke outside the white house after meeting behind closed doors with the senate intelligence committee. 
authorities say alexandra nicole laird, 21, gave birth to a baby girl who tested positive for opiates in march. 
? it is time to say husband is not the master, dipak misra, the chief justice of india's top court, says in a ruling striking down the country's adultery law. 
government lawyers had urged the court to keep the law, arguing that making adultery legal will hurt marriage bonds. 
under the rules, white students were allowed to run for class president one year, black students the next. 
please construe this to include task orders and work assignments, states the email, which was sent on friday, within hours of trump's swearing in. 
the father of michael jackson, joe jackson launched the jackson 5 ? which included michael and brothers jackie, marlon, jermaine, and tito ? in gary, ind. 
the jackson 5 sold millions of records, had their own variety show, and would go on to become one of the most successful r & b groups of all time. 
sally jewell, 57, will replace ken salazar as head of the department that overseas 500 million acres of parks and public lands, reports ap. 
yes, nunney's study in the proceedings of the royal society b suggests that taller people are at greater risk for cancer. 
specifically, the study found that cancer risk rises by 10 % for every 4 inches people are above average height ? 5 feet 4 for women and 5 feet 9 for men, reports cnn. 
the increased risk is small, and there's plenty you can do to reduce the risk of developing cancer, such as not smoking and keeping a healthy weight, says georgina hill of cancer research uk. 
the communist party's deputy chief in guangdong province has agreed to meet with protest leaders, and, in return, villagers have agreed to postpone a planned march to government offices. 
cuba's constitution allows for any member of the 605 - seat legislature to be elected as head of the council of state, but diaz - canel had long been seen as the overwhelming favorite. 
on wednesday in sanpete county, shaffer pleaded guilty to felony sodomy on a child and was sentenced to 15 years to life in prison, kutv reports. 
police say the suspect entered the washington square mall and opened fire on a man he apparently knew near a target store. 
congress recently eliminated a dedicated bridge repair fund, meaning bridge repair now must compete with other transportation needs, the report states. 
the girl was drinking outside the dance saturday night, reports the san francisco chronicle, and the group turned on her when she became drunk. 
they were told the flight wouldn't take off until four people had given up their seats, but no one volunteered. 
a manager then came on board and used a computer to randomly select passengers who would need to leave the flight. 
a medical crew came aboard and passengers were asked to return to the gate while the plane was tidied up. 
what's more, those in first marriages are having more sex than those who have remarried, report researchers from louisiana state university, florida state university, and baylor university in the journal archives of sexual behavior. 
eugene smith, a retired professor at the university of washington who wrote a book on area history, says the wedge - like residence was certainly the oddest of all the bungalows in the area. 
the las vegas review - journal reports that the type of aircraft is classified, per a 99th air base wing spokeswoman. 
pasceri, who was found dead of a gunshot wound believed to be self - inflicted, had some issue with the treatment of his mother, says the head of the bureau of investigative services. 
some people don't think about'oh, what happens when i reach in for my license,'he said at a presentation of the cards, per cleveland. 
our evidence suggests that this is indeed possible, says norrice liu, a pediatrician who led the research at queen mary university in london. 
joe biden was also sworn in this morning in a small ceremony at the naval observatory, with justice sonia sotomayor administering the oath. 
? a cincinnati woman is suing the university of cincinnati medical center after an employee allegedly posted her medical records ? including her name, personal information, and diagnosis for syphilis ? to a facebook group called team no hoes, wlwt reports. 
woods suffered his worst round ever at the pga championship, struggling to 7 - over - par 77. 
during the trial, holtzclaw's attorney claimed his client was trying to help the victims, according to the bbc. 
warmbier's family declined an autopsy, but sammarco said a ct scan served as a virtual autopsy. 
she said a forensic dentist found no damage to the 22 - year - old's teeth, which father fred warmbier said looked like they had been rearranged with pliers. 
the officer, who wasn't named, told wtvr last may that a supervisor had said to a police sharpshooter, you ? re down there right. 
schatz said he will be sworn in tomorrow so he can join democrats on votes regarding the fiscal cliff. 
some 78 % of people called the cameras ? which helped identify the suspects ? a good idea, and only 20 % said the government had gone too far in restricting civil liberties to fight terrorism, the poll found. 
the poll found that 66 % of americans believe another terrorist attack is at least somewhat likely in the next few months, up from just 37 % at this time last year, according to the poll, which also found that the public gave law enforcement agencies high marks for their handling of the bombings. 
it was like nothing else we had seen, and i immediately knew it was something very important because you could see it had these two emblems on it, team leader david mearns of blue water recoveries tells the bbc. 
multiple phrases, including ahab's lust for vengeance, appear both in sparknotes and dylan's talk, but not in moby dick itself. 
bloodstains on the linen shroud, which are said to have been transferred to it during the three days jesus was in the tomb, form the image of a crucified man. 
john the baptist in italy, is considered an icon, as opposed to a genuine religious relic, by the vatican. 
the couple had been together eight years, and considered themselves married ever since a 2013 commitment ceremony. 
they are among the first ? and the reason we did is a tremendously sad one, and i'd trade everything for not having to stand here and talk about this story, said the attorney general when revealing the historic marriage to queensland's parliament, per abc. 
she will recover and we will go back to school and study together again, shazia ramzan told the daily mail. 
david paterson continued to address those rumors last night on larry king live. 
kim couldn't control his grief at the thought of the bereaved families who lost their blood relatives, kcna said. 
( the ) president cannot obstruct justice because he is the chief law enforcement officer under ( the constitution's article ii ) and has every right to express his view of any case, he claims. 
( she's not yet drawing a salary from rookie, though it gets more than 4 million page views a month and features jewelry and makeup ads. 
in a statement, olbermann calls current tv the model truth - seeking entity and calls this opportunity the most exciting venture in my career. 
a sheriff's office spokesman said one of the packages had some destructive nature that it had to be taken offsite but did not elaborate, the ap reports. 
the next phase, i think, is that we step up with potentially a more powerful, more capable side - scan sonar to do deeper water, says australia's defense minister. 
brian joyce has been charged with more than 100 criminal counts, including federal charges of money laundering, corruption, mail fraud, and embezzlement. 
it's reported that joyce gave pounds of coffee to his colleagues in the senate while gunning for a senate leadership position. 
2, 2012, was on ambien and vicodin when hospital staff brought 4 - day - old jacob to nurse in the hospital bed with her, unsupervised, at 3am. 
she called for a nurse while she tried to get him to respond, her lawsuit, filed last friday, states. 
this choice sends the wrong message, tweeted the head of the emily's list pac, one of the convention's sponsors. 
farabi shafiur rahman, who was arrested at a bus stop in dhaka, bangladesh, has confessed to threatening blogger avijit roy, officials say. 
i have not engaged in philanthropic efforts in order to make people forget about my past, he continued, mentioning his own charity, as well as his support of the dorchester boys and girls clubs. 
in addition to isis and al - qaeda, world leaders also expressed concern with north korea's nuclear weapons program. 
couric said that lauer always treated her respectfully and appropriately, but added that it would likely be challenging for lauer to experience a comeback. 
quite frankly, none of us know what's in those contracts, suu kyi said, according to reuters. 
police say david edward benes held down his live - in sweetie of three years while trying to exorcise her and get the devil out of her. 
riess's mode of operation is to befriend women who resemble her and steal their identity, says lee county undersheriff carmine marceno, per the ap. 
one of the researchers says the study confirms beyond doubt that removal of inflamed organs or organs likely to suffer from repeated inflammation, in women, improves their chances of pregnancy rather than reduces those chances, as some doctors believe. 
''trump's monday reply on twitter, the fake news media worked hard to get tiger woods to say something that he didn ? t want to say. 
? in what the washington post calls an extraordinary breach of political decorum, donald trump isn't endorsing paul ryan in his wisconsin primary battle. 
? after the chaotic first day of brett kavanaugh's supreme court nomination hearing, wednesday saw the 53 - year - old appellate judge bombarded with questions from senators. 
dianne feinstein vastly overstated the number of deaths from illegal abortions in the decades before roe v. 
, told the las vegas review - journal that he lost a tote filled with cash and playing chips june 1. 
it's no surprise that someone who makes a living glorifying crime and violence is a cop - hater, too, patrick lynch, president of the patrolmen's benevolent association, said in a statement, via the post. 
? i'm not a football fan, i'm not a sports fan, but i'm surely a donald trump fan, joe hornick tells nbc 4. 
early the next day, brussow and williams'brother went for a hike, and as they were resting on a cliff, a wave came out of nowhere and swept the two men into the water below. 
brussow, however, was nowhere to be found, and his family flew out from the us to help williams, her family, and the locals search for him. 
as for williams, she tells people, i would give anything to be able to have him here and be able to marry him and spend the rest of my life with him. 
most notably, the super pac known as restore our future decimated newt gingrich with negative ads on behalf of mitt romney. 
the defense attorney says hanks simply looked at me like he always had, smiled and said,'i was going to vote the way of justice. 
three people were killed by a tornado in a small town in northern arkansas and a tornado spawned by the same weather system killed four more in missouri. 
google vice president vint cerf expressed his concern last week at a conference of scientists in california, if we're thinking 1, 000 years, 3, 000 years ahead in the future, we have to ask ourselves, how do we preserve all the bits that we need in order to correctly interpret the digital objects we create. 
now, university of tennessee researchers believe that solar winds carry hydrogen ejected from the sun's atmosphere to the moon. 
a memo of talking points sent to republicans and other allies tuesday called on them to declare trump was entirely correct, report cbs news and fox news, which both obtained a copy. 
both sides of the violence in charlottesville acted inappropriately, and bear some responsibility, the memo continued, noting trump's comments reaffirmed that we are equal in the eyes of our creator, equal under the law, and equal under our constitution. 
published in biodemography and social biology, the study also found that children born to women in their 40s are more often obese because their moms don't play with them as much. 
in a statement wednesday, oreske said, my behavior was wrong and inexcusable, and i accept full responsibility. 
president thein sein has pledged to release all the country's political prisoners by year's end. 
vox says sanders'system is far more generous than single - payer plans in canada and elsewhere. 
? looks like david oliver relin's grief over three cups of tea may have led to his suicide. 
it wasn't, they were just 3, serving as ring bearer and flower girl to fussy's godmother in minnesota. 
sorvino says her love of allen's work does not excuse my turning a blind eye to your story simply because i wanted desperately for it not to be so. 
she says she won't work with allen again, writing, we are in a day and age when everything must be re - examined. 
an analysis published thursday in the new england journal of medicine found gun - related injuries dropped 20 % nationwide during annual nra conventions between 2007 and 2015 and 63 % in the states hosting the conventions. 
jennifer baker, the director of public affairs for the nra, says the analysis is another example of when data and numbers fly in the face of logic and common sense. 
some conspiracy theorists believe the high frequency active auroral research program, or haarp, can control people's minds and the weather. 
vickers tells the dispatch news the men planned to try to find a scientist, to steal his car and id badge to gain access. 
ireland baldwin, daughter, i ? m here to roast this big old ham i call my father. 
north charleston's city council voted unanimously on thursday to settle with walter scott's family for $ 6. 
? after more than 250 years a wild bison had been spotted again in germany and all the authorities could think to do is shoot it, says chris heinrich, a wwf board member. 
with public companies like yahoo targeting it for patent infringement, the social networking giant has stepped up its game. 
the jars had been sitting in a warehouse since last fall, and while court filings say all parties agreed there's nothing wrong with the peanut butter from a health and safety issue, costco on march 19 said it had to be destroyed. 
a spokeswoman for new mexico's largest food bank declined to comment on the peanut butter dump, but noted that rescued food accounts for 74 % of what it distributes. 
he literally physically assaulted me by punching me in the face, john yob wrote on facebook, noting that at first he didn't even know who rich beeson was. 
police forwarded the assault complaint to the county prosecutor, who will decide whether to file criminal charges, the detroit free press reports. 
some 61 % of participants said they consumed some amount of coffee, tea, or chocolate daily. 
mullen also distributed a surveillance video of a possible suspect and vehicle, and added that the victims were six females and three males. 
teammates tianna madison, allyson felix, and bianca knight gave the us a big lead heading into the anchor leg. 
, when 16 - year - old chauncy jones asked if he could carry white's groceries to the 30 - year - old's car in exchange for a pack of doughnuts. 
after receiving the compound, memory loss and other symptoms including impaired reflexes and limb dragging were reversed. 
he said they were fleeing upper nile state capital malakal, which has been under both rebel and government control. 
as editor of the new york review of books i published a theme issue about # metoo offenders who had not been convicted in a court of law but by social media, says ian burama of the oct. 
that alleged lack of respect ? and to call a book'chick nonfiction'is to call it unserious ? extends not only to the woman who is the author, but also to the woman who is the subject, notes the scroll, referring to michelle obama. 
when a woman writes even a serious book in times - land, argues novelist jennifer weiner, it can only be gossip, and the writer, however skilled a reporter, is still merely a chick. 
the hollywood reporter reveals the first guest on my next guest needs no introduction with david letterman will be none other than barack obama. 
com quotes netflix on my next guest needs no introduction, the conversations are intimate, in - depth, and far - reaching, with the levity and humor dave ? s fans know and love. 
south korea previously announced north korea would send officials, athletes, and a cheer squad to the olympics following talks between the two countries. 
? teachers and librarians have the lowest suicide rate while farmers and fishermen have the highest, according to a cdc study of 12, 300 suicides in 17 states in 2012. 
it's a massive mess of a movie that seems doomed to repulse anyone who comes across it, he writes. 
2 million while eschewing super pacs, with the average donation to his campaign at $ 31. 
but in a statement to the today show, knox was clearer, ( if convicted ), legally i'll be defined a'fugitive,'but i will continue to fight for my innocence, she said. 
a hotel employee tells the ap that british, italian, and turkish guests fled out a back entrance to a parking lot, where a car bomb exploded 100 yards away. 
2 senate republican, was elected to the senate in 1994 after four terms in the house, and would have been expected to win a fourth term. 
google says it tries to prevent offensive terms, like porn and hate speech, from appearing, but autocomplete predictions are algorithmically generated based on users'search activity and interests and may be unexpected or unpleasant. 
we ended up signing a contract to auction the contents of the estate, and that's when we found many of the paintings, among them one that josh levine of j. 
education might actually change the brain itself, lead author kenneth langa tells npr. 
it's an encryption tool called facebook https that will keep any random jerk in the cafe from hijacking your account. 
on facebook, the mother praised stephenson as a hero ? a person who trusted her gut when she saw two young girls all alone and helped. 
a new study on animals in the chernobyl exclusion zone shows what once looked something like a wasteland is now packed with elk, roe deer, red deer, wild boar, and wolves. 
the numbers of elk, roe deer, and wild boar also jumped at a time when elk and wild boar populations were sliding elsewhere in the former soviet union. 
it was a terrible thing, an investigator with the jim hogg county sheriff's office tells reuters. 
for more than 15 years, nurse practitioner iris zink has treated ginny holcomb at lansing rheumatology, and the two have become close friends. 
rumors of the young hit man emerged about a month ago with a youtube video that showed teens mugging for the camera next to corpses. 
if i keep saying it, it becomes it, says new york university neuroscience professor david poeppel. 
but atkinson took off his helmet while reveling with the crowd, drawing a personal foul penalty and moving the extra point back. 
grambling state's joseph mcwilliams surged in and swatted kicker brandon mclaren's 35 - yard extra - point try to preserve the tigers'edge. 
mike rogers thinks greenwald'doesn't have a clue,'? neither did the person who released just enough information to literally be dangerous. 
? dianne feinstein wants hearings, i'm open to doing a hearing every month if that's necessary. 
the 26 - year - old army medic survived the bataan death march but died in a pow camp and was buried in a communal grave along with 13 other americans who also died on nov. 
this will be a hollow victory for mia families unless the us government undertakes substantial and meaningful reforms of the mia accounting process, he says. 
at one point, nbc news reporter peter alexander asked the candidate about how parents should explain his language to their kids. 
? this is indeed one of the rarest of the rare cases where the perpetrators deserve the death sentence, ? a human rights lawyer tells the hindu. 
? dennis mcguire was put to death today with a two - drug combination previously untested in the us, and at more than 15 minutes, it was one of the longest executions in ohio since the state resumed capital punishment in 1999. 
mcguire had sought a reprieve by offering to become an organ donor, but was rejected because he couldn't identify a family member who would receive his organs, according to documents obtained by the ap. 
the female student said in the affidavit she saw sponsler's exposed vagina open and close as her legs swung up in the air. 
according to the police report, sponsler told cops she was simply trying to be a cool teacher and was only dancing with some students. 
to help with medical bills, two teams recently ran the ragnar relay through tennessee wearing all in for owen shirts and raised $ 15, 000. 
and two children in the house the plane hit, sade brantley, 13, and madisyn mitchell, 1. 
if they shoot you, they don ? t even run, ? one man tells the chicago tribune. 
falon griffin was already in labor, but she told her husband she desperately needed to use the restroom. 
martynenko, who pleaded guilty in january, delighted in the humiliation, embarrassment, and potential negative consequences his actions caused his victims, prosecutors said, per court docs. 
the airasia pilot's last communication with air traffic control was a request to avoid clouds by turning left and going higher to 38, 000 feet. 
several types of bacteria can cause necrotizing fasciitis, which kills the body's soft tissue. 
the study found 1, 818 cases of yohimbe exposure reported between 2002 and 2012, 78 % of them in children. 
john regelbrugge iii's body was found by his two brothers yesterday morning, his sister - in - law tells the seattle times. 
we ? re obligated to provide the same level of service, the same billing, the same everything, for every patient we encounter, explains deputy fire chief mike mclaughlin. 
he also says the fee sends the wrong message, why would i want to stop to help somebody if i ? m going to get a bill for $ 150. 
a passenger in daniel's vehicle says a male passenger in a small car with tinted windows then opened fire. 
? a former indiana university student charged with raping two women will get off with a year of probation and one day in jail, wxin reports. 
john enochs took a plea deal and was sentenced thursday, pleading guilty to misdemeanor battery. 
in what the church called a sign of detente with beijing, francis was allowed to fly through chinese airspace on his way to south korea and sent a telegram of prayers to president xi jinping as he did so. 
the recall includes gold medal, signature kitchens, and gold medal wondra flour sold at albertsons, safeway, vons, shaws, jewel, united, randalls, and acme. 
? president trump was pleased with his supreme court nominee's performance before the senate judiciary committee on thursday, tweeting that brett kavanaugh showed america exactly why i nominated him. 
1 million bitcoins worth $ 605 million ? the same amount attributed to nakamoto. 
nor am i called dorien ( sic ), wright wrote in a leaked email sent the same day newsweek claimed american dorian nakamoto as bitcoin's inventor. 
leaked transcripts from meetings with wright's attorneys in february 2014 also quote him as saying, i did my best to try and hide the fact that i've been running bitcoin since 2009 ? by the end of this i think half the world is going to bloody know. 
according to witnesses, libyan troops fighting with the misrata militia surrounded the airfield and fired rockets at buildings inside. 
flight 8501 appears to have been trapped in bad weather that would have been difficult to avoid, says a report by indonesia's meteorology, climatology and geophysics agency. 
the 42 - year - old's partially nude body was found dead outside her alabama home, and authorities are now faced with a question, did west's online activities play a role in her death. 
amazon, in a bid to draw attention to its new cloud drive online storage service, offered downloads of the album for just 99 cents twice last week. 
for example, white people were more likely to be called sir or ma'am, while black people were more likely to be called by their first names. 
officers were also found to be less polite, formal, friendly, and impartial with black people. 
? we're expected to forgive the bullies because the authorities are sure they didn't mean it, emily gipson says in a youtube video posted jan. 
' principal scott walters says his feelings and those of teachers were hurt by the video, but that's not why gipson was suspended. 
we thought that it would be fun to pit them against each other, test their mettle, and see who was the hungriest, says one of the employees who came up with the idea. 
authorities are considering every possible explanation for the disappearance, says malaysia's civil aviation boss, azharuddin abdul rahman. 
one - way tickets under the names on the stolen passports ? luigi maraldi and christian kozel ? were issued at a thai travel agency. 
? two men have been charged with human trafficking after police arrested them for running a prostitution ring out of a senior living facility in pittsfield, mass. 
lambach would allegedly seek out women with drug addictions and post their pictures online, then arrange meetings with clients. 
at least one woman said lambach drove her to an appointment across state lines. 
a lawyer for 38 - year - old alexandria duval said friday at her court appearance in albany that his client is profoundly distraught and described the siblings as soul mates, reports the albany times union. 
duval was tracked down in albany and arrested a week ago, after a grand jury in hawaii indicted her on a second - degree murder charge last month. 
? police say a cincinnati father, thinking he heard an intruder in his basement, fatally shot his 14 - year - old son tuesday morning, the ap reports. 
according to the cincinnati inquirer, the father dropped his son off at the bus stop before returning home. 
the lawsuit states the student believed the alleged victim was consenting to sex, in part, because she talked about being in a pornographic movie. 
a rep for hosea feed the hungry said the nonprofit initially thought the fowlers were pulling their leg, it's a very creme de la creme wedding venue, so to say that you're going to host 200 homeless individuals at villa christina ? it sounds like a prank call. 
? addressing high - profile gop donors, mitt romney predicted thursday that president trump would slide smoothly into a second term in 2020. 
? the 10 - year - old son of a kansas lawmaker died on the world's tallest water slide this summer, and that ride is now closed for good. 
in our opinion, it is the only proper course of action following this tragedy, the park says, adding it remains heartbroken over caleb's death. 
we ? re not certain about anything, other than the fact that we have a death and that this person was at the pool, and what took place with respect to the slide, says an assistant district attorney. 
under the two - year sting, agents set up a fake online forum of their own where people could trade stolen account numbers. 
david axelrod on president obama's reaction to the gsa scandal, he was, i think it ? s fair to say, apoplectic. 
? a rolling stone report on an alleged gang rape at a university of virginia fraternity has prompted the school's president to suspend all frats until the spring semester. 
it makes you wonder what would make individuals treat somebody like that, says chicago police superintendent eddie johnson. 
charged with a hate crime, as well as kidnapping, unlawful restraint, and battery with a deadly weapon, per wls, tanishia covington, 24, and jordan hill, tesfaye cooper, and brittany covington, all 18. 
and the irs has more work to do to fix the problems, the report makes nine recommendations, but the agency has agreed to only seven. 
? attempted suicides, drug overdoses, cutting, and other types of self - injury have increased substantially in us girls, a 15 - year study of er visits found. 
? archaeologists have in the last two months uncovered the unmarked graves of as many as 40 confederate soldiers in old city cemetery in lynchburg, va. 
if a child or adult is experiencing any kind of weakness at all, they should see their health care provider immediately, oregon's public health division spokesperson tells katu. 
dna testing has established that she is the mother of at least four of the infants, and her boyfriend is the father of at least three. 
she was arrested in august after her teenage daughter found the remains of an infant in a closet in the family's home. 
with floodwaters receding in houston, officials have begun searching thousands of flooded homes for bodies. 
the bill ? in no way represents the reality of the economic and trade relationship between china and the us, ? a chinese foreign minister tells reuters. 
this finding suggests that there appears to be an emotional response to alcohol triggers, but that it ? s experienced and understood differently when someone has the protection of the aa experience, says senior author marc galanter, who published a book on alcoholics anonymous earlier this year. 
a rep for the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints, however, says the performance is a demonstration of our support for freedom, civility, and the peaceful transition of power and not an implied support of party affiliations or politics. 
the director of x - men, days of future past is now being investigated by new york police regarding an alleged forcible sexual assault in march 2013, buzzfeed reports. 
singer did not engage in any criminal or inappropriate behavior, says his lawyer, adding that neither my client nor any of his representatives have been contacted by the nypd or anyone else about an alleged criminal investigation. 
those payments are on top of an additional $ 30, 000 in government grant money for employee training at marcus bachmann's clinic. 
i got some disheartening news back, that i ? ve verified from multiple sources now, they ? re going to drop the apu character altogether, producer adi shankar tells indiewire, claiming he heard the news from two people who work on the show and a third person who works directly with creator matt groening. 
reached for comment, a rep for the show told indiewire simply that apu appeared in the 10 / 14 / 18 episode'my way or the highway to heaven. 
? kaden, hunter, and jackson howard were born newsworthy ? the long island triplets were conceived without fertility drugs, and hunter and jackson are identical while kaden is fraternal. 
all three were diagnosed with craniosynostosis, a rare birth defect in which a newborn's skull fuses together early, which can impede brain growth. 
? your skull is made up of plates, it ? s not a single bone, ? says operating surgeon david chesler of stony brook children's hospital. 
officials have confirmed that the president's daughter used a personal email account to send hundreds of emails relating to government business last year, the washington post reports. 
the emails to white house aides and cabinet officials were sent from a private domain she shares with husband jared kushner. 
administration officials say ivanka trump's correspondence did not contain classified information and she stopped using the account for government business after the rules were explained to her, the bbc reports. 
the american oversight watchdog group says its freedom of information requests uncovered the scale of private email use. 
weisselberg actually started working for the organization in the 1970s, when trump's father, fred, ran it, per nbc news. 
the americans gave us the humvees, but they didn ? t give us the spare parts, says a local special forces leader. 
tina watson drowned while they were scuba diving, and the only witness thought gabe was actually trying to save her life underwater. 
watson served 18 months in prison in australia after pleading guilty to a manslaughter charge related to negligence, notes ap. 
i'm going to talk about what i've talked about for years now, warren told abc last month. 
on tumblr, she assured fans, my twitter got hacked but don ? t worry, twitter is deleting the hacker tweets and locking my account until they can figure out how this happened and get me new passwords. 
the ap reports that early starts are required because sochi's slate holds a dozen men's and women's medal events added since the 2010 vancouver olympics. 
a record, these winter olympics will see more heads of state and government and international organizations than any prior winter games, and three times the number of leaders who showed up in vancouver, reports the ap. 
the us gambler eventually went to the fbi and hanson was arrested in 2015 in a joint operation with australian police. 
reynolds, the national park service's acting director, to demand more photos of the crowd on the national mall. 
reynolds, who has worked for the service for 30 years, was taken aback by the request, but he sent some aerial photos to trump, according to the post's sources. 
the man and woman were found at the site of an ancient chapel in hallaton, along with nine other skeletons, reports the leicester mercury. 
he was at a party in her neighborhood the day she went missing and soon moved to new hampshire, where an 8 - year - old girl went missing while walking to school. 
bissonnette attended laval university, near the quebec city mosque, and studied political science and anthropology. 
a petition being circulated in the city called for raising the local minimum wage to $ 10. 
10 ? the level president obama is pushing ? from the current federal requirement of $ 7. 
a recent economic policy institute report found that almost 90 % of minimum wage workers are over 20, a quarter have children to support, and more than half work full time. 
reince priebus, who will be trump's chief of staff, said giuliani had been fully vetted for any potential conflicts of interest and passed with flying colors, and that his business ties had nothing to do with his withdrawal. 
' curran's other tv credits included married with children, where he was a producer from 1990 to 1993 ? and provided the voice of buck the dog. 
kevin curran was a sweet, brilliant man who said many hilarious things, some unprintable, others which will live forever in a children ? s cartoon, simpsons showrunner al jean, who first met him at harvard, said in a statement. 
elsewhere on the sunday dial, miller says that immigration and customs enforcement's emphasis is on deporting those he calls criminal aliens and who pose a threat to public safety. 
according to an arrest report, miami gardens police chief stephen johnson called a number in a two - girl special prostitution ad and negotiated a $ 100 deal for two women for 30 minutes. 
the service included a prayer of remembrance, we ask you in your goodness to give eternal light and peace to all who died here, he said, per the new york daily news. 
bush issued a statement last night saying he misspoke and there are countless community health centers, rural clinics, and other women ? s health organizations that need to be fully funded. 
tarek william saab, chief prosecutor in the city of valencia, says 68 people ? 66 men and two female visitors ? died in dramatic events at the police command and detention center, and four prosecutors have been appointed to investigate the incident, cnn reports. 
vowing to tackle a backlog in veterans'benefits, he said, as they come home, it falls to us, their fellow citizens, to be there for them and their families, not just now but always. 
police had previously charged 19 - year - old johnesha perry with attempted homicide, aggravated assault, and endangering the welfare of a child. 
bottom line, this may be the place to go look for life in the outer solar system, says a cornell scientist not involved with the new study in nature. 
boston police say a 17 - year - old shattered a glass panel of the new england holocaust memorial with a rock, reports the boston herald. 
boston's police chief also drew a comparison to charlottesville and said it's sad to see a young person choose to engage in such senseless and shameful behavior. 
tens of thousands of ethnic croats were displaced when the croatian town of vukovar was occupied by serbs in 1991. 
on talking points memo, benjy sarlin notes that the most patronizing part of the commercial is the heavily - accented korean immigrant woman in a laundromat awkwardly ( interrupting ) him throughout the ad. 
? up until last night, tim tebow was scheduled to appear at pastor robert jeffress'dallas megachurch in april, but he announced today that he canceled the appearance after new information was brought to his attention. 
a woman aboard the 85 - year - old vessel called a new zealand meteorologist via satellite phone on june 3, asking him, the weather's turned nasty, how do we get away from it. 
i've been in this business 30 years and it's the worst i've seen, scott upton, a chief for the california department of forestry and fire protection, says of the tornadoes created during the tubbs fire. 
south korean president moon jae - in announced in a joint press conference with kim jong un that they had agreed to turn the peninsula into a land of peace without nuclear weapons, the guardian reports. 
moon said kim had agreed to permanently close the tongchang - ri missile launch facility in the presence of international experts, reports the bbc. 
the leaders also agreed to file a joint bid to host the 2032 summer olympics. 
henson, hidden figures was nominated for best picture, but lead actress henson failed to snag a nomination. 
referring to the decision to suspend several of the largest exercises as a good - faith measure coming out of the singapore summit, mattis said we did what we did at the time for that purpose. 
lady jane fellowes will represent her sister, the late princess diana, at the may 19 ceremony at windsor's st. 
alexis did not mention the incident on the security questionnaire he filled out three years later, but the navy's office of personnel management learned about it after doing a fingerprint check. 
now, the secretary of the navy has recommended to defense secretary chuck hagel that security reviews in the future include all police reports ? even those that did not result in charges, the new york times reports. 
analyzing a german health insurer's data on nearly 74, 000 customers aged 75 and up from 2004 to 2011, researchers found a 44 % higher dementia risk among ppi users. 
matt gaetz, andy biggs, and louie gohmert, would put the house on record as believing mueller should resign because he's unfit to lead the investigation into russian interference in the 2016 election, politico reports. 
evidence has emerged that the fbi withheld information from congress and from the american people about russian corruption of american uranium companies, gaetz said in a statement wondering how the deal got us approval despite the bribery probe. 
according to a new cdc report, 918 babies were born with syphilis in the us in 2017, the guardian reports. 
western and southern states had the most cases of congenital syphilis in 2017, per the report, with louisiana having the highest rate. 
it's shocking that this has come roaring back in the united states, david harvey of the national coalition of std directors tells the guardian. 
all lead pipes need to be replaced, weaver said at a press conference, per wdiv. 
we hypothesized that acute fear activates the coagulation system and that this poses an important evolutionary benefit, by preparing the body for blood loss during life - threatening situations, write the leiden university medical center researchers in the study, which was published in the december issue of the british medical journal. 
levels of factor viii increased in 57 % of subjects during the horror movie, while they decreased in 86 % of participants during the documentary. 
while the researchers outline some study limitations ( sample size, the magnitude of fear induced by the movie genre ), they conclude that after centuries the term'bloodcurdling'in literature is justified. 
1 million americans have atrial fibrillation, in which the upper chambers of the heart beat at a different pace than the lower chambers. 
the best results came from eating an ounce of chocolate two to six times per week. 
bolsonaro, a 63 - year - old former military officer, wants more roads and mines in the rainforest and fewer penalties for chopping down trees. 
in her complaint, amy hensley says the property management companies, as well as the condo and homeowners associations at the bay colony complex, were negligent in keeping the swans on the premises. 
the plumber got video of a georgia firefighter catching a baby that had been thrown from a burning apartment building tuesday in decatur. 
activists in the occupy central movement plan to paralyze hong kong's central business district to protest beijing's decision. 
nkeki was found by vigilantes in the sambisa forest after she ran away from a boko haram camp with a 4 - month - old baby and a man she said was her husband. 
a warrant out of hungary states sebastian gorka has been wanted on charges for firearm or ammunition abuse since september 2016. 
but according to two people who audited fireeye's performance after the breach, target's security team turned that function off, says the story, which follows a two - month investigation. 
we were pursuing a waiver to the law, but we've been advised we wouldn't get one, a rep for new jersey's transportation department tells the washington free beacon. 
tannerite residue was found inside the bomb that exploded in chelsea, a federal law enforcement official tells usa today. 
? ? this is a young man that had a pretty rugged sports career and took a lot of injuries, usa today quotes a friend as saying. 
mirra's diagnosis of cte was confirmed by multiple neuropathologists, though it's unclear what stage the disease was in. 
mirra, who was the face of his sport, will be inducted into the national bmx hall of fame next month. 
the other 144 spent an average of 73 seconds reading the privacy policy and 51 seconds reading the terms of service. 
this will be the moment that probably re - elected barack obama, gop commentator alex castellanos tells cnn. 
19, hospitals, abortion clinics, and other facilities will be banned from disposing of fetal remains in sanitary landfills, the texas tribune reports. 
in one incident, officers fired 137 shots at a car with two unarmed civilians inside who were fleeing police. 
davis, who was re - elected this month to his 11th term in the 7th congressional district, wondered how the shooter obtained the gun and said he'd continue to try to combat gun violence. 
relatives found ritu's body in her home, and within just a few hours, police found hillary's body in a wooded area. 
both deaths occurred within hours of each other under circumstances that have led investigators to presume they were both self - inflicted, says the murphy police department in a statement. 
? a man getting out of the car to go to the toilet led to the discovery of one of the most important sites in australian pre - history, archaeologist giles hamm tells abc news. 
at the time, hamm thought the newly discovered human settlement, a site called warratyi, was only 5, 000 years old. 
the department of environmental conservation officers'union and fraternal organization has even raised $ 15, 000, the largest reward in the department's history, reports newsday, while homicide detectives say they are open to receiving any new information. 
police said william's body was found 12 hours later in his forest - green dec uniform at what was then called matt - a - mar marina with a bump on his head and his arm tangled in electrical cable. 
democratic socialism means that we must reform a political system ( that ) is corrupt, that we must create an economy that works for all, not just the very wealthy, he said, per usa today, explaining that he doesn't believe that government should take over the grocery store down the street or own the means of production. 
meanwhile, composer adams says, the really ironic and sad fact is that the content of this opera is more relevant in 2014 than it was even in 1991, per details. 
for the next stage involving sonar and other autonomous vehicles, potentially at very great depths, we need to have an understanding of the ocean floor, says australia's deputy pm, per cnn. 
it's very sensible to go back to be certain there are no flaws in that ? the assumptions are right, the analysis is right, and the deductions and conclusions are right, says search coordinator angus houston. 
org petition as well as a facebook page asking congress to create the law, says she was sickened when casey anthony was convicted only of lying to the police, and was not charged with child neglect or endangerment, or even obstruction of justice. 
while some vaccines, including the mmr vaccine and the flu shot, can cause an increased risk of fever - related seizures in small children, those seizures are typically benign. 
the most serious side effects ( an intestinal blockage caused by the rotavirus vaccine and a blood disorder linked to the chickenpox and mmr vaccines ) are both rare, nbc news reports. 
and, to put those risks in perspective, one expert notes, the most dangerous aspect of giving your child vaccines is driving to the office to get them. 
but it ? s ? creating a place where pedophiles can act with impunity, says uk computer science researcher gareth owen. 
there are important uses for hidden services, such as when human rights activists use them to access facebook or to blog anonymously, says tor's executive director. 
kelly rose joniec, a houston - area mom, had been driving home from a swim meet saturday when her daughter britton started to make an odd retching noise in the back seat, she writes. 
our results suggest that weight restriction may impose a non - trivial cost, one of the study ? s lead authors says. 
amy chua's daughter was valedictorian of her high school class, reports the daily caller. 
in the address, kim called for a radical turnabout that would transform north korea into an economic giant. 
what we are seeing is people are coming in with various types of bleeding, ? cbs chicago quotes the chief medical officer of the illinois department of public health as saying. 
bells were tolled for five minutes before military personnel carried the coffins off the planes and put them in hearses. 
something's changing and it'll change back again, trump said in a 60 minutes interview that was broadcast sunday night. 
you'd have to show me the scientists because they have a very big political agenda, he said when stahl told him scientists had determined that hurricanes were worse than ever. 
trump also told stahl that russia meddled in the 2016 election, but said china had done the same. 
trump said the speech in which he mocked ford help secure brett kavanaugh's confirmation to the supreme court, marketwatch reports. 
fourniret was charged with the murders of parrish and domece in 2008 after olivier said he was responsible for them, only to have the cases dismissed in 2011 after olivier recanted. 
? police say an explosion at an ariana grande concert in northern england has killed at least 19 people and injured about 50, the ap reports. 
a statement from manchester arena said the explosion took place outside the arena just after the concert, as people were exiting. 
the 46 - year - old club promoter had been dead for a few days when police found him in his los angeles apartment, close to numerous pain medications and an open bottle of alcohol, sources tell tmz. 
hartley 2 is believed to have formed in the kuiper belt, not far outside the solar system. 
and the uk's royal society for the prevention of accidents in november warned locals not to take storm selfies during some particularly bad weather, sky news reports. 
the hartford courant reports the couple sold another of their homes for $ 900, 000 in june and moved to a rental house. 
apparently one does not cross cindy brady, because olsen posted this to her own facebook page, this is the little piece of human waste. 
as many as 7, 000 guards will search for roadside bombs, fly reconnaissance drones, and continue training iraqi police. 
sinkholes leading to underground caves had religious significance to the maya, and de anda's project has found ancient walls, staircases, and paintings in some of the caves that aren't completely flooded. 
the court filing says van der zwaan lied to investigators about his interactions with rick gates, a former trump campaign aide who was indicted last year on charges of conspiracy to launder money and acting as an unregistered foreign agent. 
luis walker, an instructor at lackland air force base, was found guilty yesterday of raping one trainee and sexually assaulting several others, reports ap. 
now ryan mendoza says it's time for the home to return to the us, per the detroit free press. 
in 2013, researchers in boston used sheep cells, bovine collagen, and an ear - shaped titanium wire frame to grow an ear on the back of another rat, discovery notes. 
? just over a week after the murder of 17 people at marjory stoneman douglas high school, florida gov. 
controversial trump aide sebastian gorka, an ally of steve bannon, is out of the white house. 
she said it was too early to tell why the train, which was making its first run on a new route, was going so fast, the ap reports. 
amtrak president richard anderson says positive train control, a system that can slow down speeding trains, was not in use on the stretch of track where the accident occurred. 
3 billion pounds of edible seafood that goes uneaten is enough protein to sustain more than 10 million people for a year. 
the united states believes that russia is responsible for the attack, the us ambassador to the un told the security council, adding the white house stands in absolute solidarity with great britain. 
but obama's visit to new jersey could pay political dividends, the hill notes. 
asked whether romney would also visit the state, christie said he had no idea, nor am i the least bit concerned or interested, adding that if you think right now i give a damn about presidential politics, then you don ? t know me. 
the tactical assault light operator suit would include a bulletproof exoskeleton frame. 
it sounds exactly like iron man, a professor at mit told npr for an earlier story, noting the use of hydraulics on the arms and legs to increase strength and speed. 
on june 4, 1629, the dutch east india ship the batavia was downed by a reef on its maiden voyage. 
the iaaf, track and field's global governing body, made the decision about the rio games friday. 
shabani was cited for mayhem and disorderly conduct while armed, which the journal notes is not a criminal charge but a county ordinance violation. 
? jason van dyke, the white chicago police officer charged with first - degree murder in the shooting death of black teen laquan mcdonald, has a new gig with the police union, janitor. 
? he might be on the roof, he might be in the office, he does anything we need, ? union president dean angelo says. 
in a facebook post, a catholic priest and social activist calls van dyke's hiring a disgrace and says every union member should demand he be fired. 
? oliver stone's the putin interviews, a four - part documentary for which the director got extensive access to the russian president between july 2015 and february 2017, airs on showtime june 12 - 15, and bloomberg got early access to the first two episodes. 
on the prospect of a war between nuclear superpowers, as of today a missile shield would not protect the territory of the united states. 
the expedition found 11 of the snakes, and dna tests confirmed that the clarion island snake is a unique species, reports the bbc. 
authorities are searching for a 23 - year - old transient named jesus henry kong ( aka jessie eloah calix and jesus matute ) they say is responsible. 
although the fbi does not believe that the threat is credible, as the subject does not reside in florida, we will continue to work with local partners to locate the subject, said an fbi special agent on wednesday, per the orlando sentinel. 
for most poor would be stressful and would be places with poor health among the poor, but that's not at all what these data suggest, he tells cbs news. 
by analyzing over a billion tax and social security records, the stanford researchers found that the richest 1 % of men live roughly 15 years longer than the poorest 1 % of men. 
it is absolutely true to say that we actually did attempt to contact those people on multiple occasions, says southern cross'ceo. 
august saw a separate rape case against the former international monetary fund chief dropped. 
hart, described by his fellow officers as ? the perfect marine, ? was killed in afghanistan after a taliban bomb explosion, on the day before his 24th birthday, reports the daily mail. 
? that chair has not been used since 1966, ? steve harrison tells the guardian. 
david was a good man when he was opposed to marriage equality and he is a good man now, writes gay marriage advocate andrew sullivan at the daily beast. 
cyr says she's trying not to get her hopes up, but she notes that photos of the woman resemble yohanna. 
there ? s a problem when you have a 14 - year - old child arrested in school and basically humiliated in front of his classmates, his teachers, his friends, and basically the whole world, attorney thomas bowers tells the dallas morning news. 
? jim carrey is having second thoughts about kick - ass 2, in which he plays a superhero named colonel stars and stripes. 
and now in all good conscience i cannot support that level of violence, he wrote, continuing, my apologies to others involve ( sic ) with the film. 
we live in a very toxic environment politically, particularly around issues of the environment, he tells the new hampshire union leader. 
he says his security team and the administration place me on the plane where they think ( it's ) best from a safety perspective. 
but i am also a black man, ? holder recounted being stopped by police on a washington street while he and his cousin ran to catch a movie, reports politico. 
a nigerian senator says the death toll is high ? hundreds ? but we are still awaiting details from the military authorities. 
the suspect died apparently by his own hand last night, according to the la county sheriff's department. 
the patients, a 42 - year - old woman, 45 - year - old man, and 2 - year - old girl, are said to be in stable condition. 
of the 52 people known to be infected with the virus since september 2012, 30 have died. 
the virus is a threat to the entire world, who general director margaret chan told the world health assembly this week, reports cnn. 
his first trip to canada as president comes as disputes with both prime minister justin trudeau and france's president emmanuel macron are heating up. 
the coveted palme d'or prize went to swedish writer - director ruben ostlund's comedy the square, the ap reports. 
? the duck boat sinking that killed 17 on a missouri lake is now the subject of a federal criminal investigation after the coast guard found probable cause for negligence. 
but in stoppage time el salvador's jaime alas bounced a ball off the hands of substitute keeper sean johnson and into the net. 
there ? s a subtle dance that happens between oncologist and patient, the lead author explains to the boston globe. 
the new york times put trump's estimated net worth of $ 2. 
there was a core of about 10 players who we believed were the most common perpetrators that were at the root of the problem, says mark phillips, an investigator in a landmark 2007 enquiry. 
) says the vp of a produce trade group, i think the investigation has a long way to go. 
wenner sold 49 % of his stake in rolling stone in 2013, and more recently two other magazines run by wenner media. 
? a new study suggests an upside for boys who have older dads, higher iqs. 
they calculate that 57 % of the geek index score is inherited, with possible overlap between genes that contribute to a high geek score and to autism. 
the bulk of the decisions which drive us climate action in the aggregate are made by cities, states, businesses, and civil society, the new york times quotes bloomberg as saying in a letter to the un secretary - general. 
giesbrecht, who also has used the name andrea naworynski, is married and has two teenage sons. 
? the global relief effort in haiti has devolved into a nasty power struggle, with countries and aid agencies furious at the us takeover of emergency operations. 
? for the first time in 45 years, americans who support the death penalty can't count themselves among the majority. 
just 49 % of americans polled from late august to early september said they supported capital punishment for people guilty of murder, while 42 % said they opposed it, according to the pew research center. 
men, older americans, and those without a college degree are also more likely to support the death penalty. 
no member of either fraternity has been charged with sexual misconduct, but the university says they're responsible for creating an environment that facilitated sexual misconduct through improperly monitored spaces and inadequate safeguards surrounding the service of alcohol. 
1 and march 31, but service can be cut off without notice in the case of hazardous conditions or illegal connections. 
as one president trump donor puts it, trump doesn't like his people to look weak. 
nu couche ( sur le cote gauche ), the italian - born artist's largest painting, is one of only five of his nudes ever to hit the auction block. 
most people with down syndrome have a cerebellum that's about 60 % of the normal size, says one of the johns hopkins researchers. 
king's friend damon feldman says king was excited to be working again and looking forward to the fight. 
he needs his pretty little face bashed in, that ? s what i really want, sylvia, a licensed social worker, allegedly told the agent. 
as for the left hemisphere, men largely use just the left hemisphere to process language, while women use both hemispheres to do so, washington says. 
i cannot in good conscience vote for the graham - cassidy proposal, cnn quotes mccain as saying in a statement. 
the six - second spots, which fox first experimented with during the teen choice awards last month, appear similar to online pre - roll ads. 
and one fox executive says they're about to be commonplace on the network, this is a new opportunity for advertisers, since it changes how ads can run in games. 
deputies spotted lawson around 12, 30am thursday in a blue chevrolet truck in ironton, about 15 miles south of where the victims were found, but they lost him after a brief chase when he crashed into a ditch and ran into the woods, lawless said. 
the three adults were found dead in a house trailer in an unincorporated area further north on wednesday evening, and a fourth adult, who went to the scene after work looking for his relatives, was stabbed there after encountering lawson and fled to another home to seek help, the sheriff said. 
according to the letter, fusion gps had already been doing research on trump on behalf of one of the republican's primary opponents before it was hired by perkins coie, the firm of clinton campaign lawyer mark elias. 
right now it's a privilege to spend my time working with eastern congo initiative, supporting our veterans, drawing attention to the great many who go hungry in the us everyday and using filmmaking to entertain and foster discussion about issues like our relationship to iran. 
69 an hour, a 16 % increase since 2014 and above average pay for retail employees. 
ron paul on'severe conservative'romney, that was the first time i ? ve heard that definition, so i guess mitt will have to tell us exactly what it means. 
the waste is now making its way to new mexico, as the animas river meets up with the san juan river in that state before the san juan joins the colorado river in utah. 
isis ( was ) robbed of a predictable macabre propaganda opportunity by ryan's action, kurdish rights activist mark campbell tells the bbc. 
miguel solis and alexander rivas demanded two photographers in costa rica give up their camera memory cards. 
? santa clara residents deserve a judge who will protect victims, not rapists, said stanford law professor michele dauber as the campaign to recall the judge in the brock turner case officially began. 
the judge has a long pattern of bias in cases involving sex crimes and violence against women in favor of white or privileged defendants, particularly college athletes, which came to light after he sentenced turner to just six months in jail for the sexual assault of an unconscious woman in 2015, the recall persky campaign said in a statement. 
upmc presbyterian hospital's quality control chief tami minnier says a fungal infection first appeared on the leg of a heart transplant patient last october. 
? roy oliver, the former texas police officer who fatally shot 15 - year - old jordan edwards last saturday night, turned himself in hours after an arrest warrant was issued friday. 
the teenager's family has filed a wrongful death lawsuit against the officer, the city, and the balch spring police department. 
i ? ve heard from victims about very recent claims of being sexually exploited in hollywood, jeff herman said at a news conference yesterday, according to variety. 
scientist william precht, who was hired by the state to monitor the health of reefs off the port of miami, has watched the disease move from one patch of coral to another. 
driverless cars, are now legal on california roads, though a human must always be in the passenger seat. 
strip clubs in illinois must now charge $ 3 at the door and donate it to rape crisis centers. 
police say the gate, which appears to be in ok condition, will be returned to germany as soon as practical. 
the dachau camp is currently a memorial, and german authorities installed a replica gate there last year. 
but now that son henry is three, i don't need to protect ( the father ) anymore, driver tells the guardian. 
anything we want to do, it's not going to be individual, the big lead quotes linebacker bobby wagner as saying. 
her father says she didn't show up for a changeover on friday morning, and she was reported missing that day. 
scientist michael dillon's model, published tuesday, is about reducing radiation risk from the bomb's fallout, and calculates optimal shelter exit time. 
about 930 of those civilians were part of the shaitat, a sunni muslim tribe that fought isis in eastern syria. 
? after the bodies of three kidnapped israeli teens were found near where they were last seen in the west bank, prime minister benjamin netanyahu vowed that hamas will pay ? and within hours, israeli jets and helicopters began dozens of airstrikes on the hamas - run gaza strip. 
more, in the west bank city of hebron, witnesses say the israeli military has blown up the homes of hamas suspects marwan qawasmeh and amer abu eisheh, in the first punitive demolitions since israel abandoned the practice in 2005, reports the guardian. 
according to reports in the israeli media, investigators believe the three teens were shot dead within minutes of being kidnapped, after one of them managed to call an emergency hotline. 
new research in the journal plos one suggests that domesticated cats are more independent than dogs because they have less secure attachment to their owners. 
in this case, attachment is not simply an affectionate bond, the researchers write, but relates to the carer being perceived as a focus of safety and security in otherwise threatening environments. 
26, the day tim tebow arrived for the new york mets'minor league baseball camp at first data field in port st. 
consumption of cobalt ? selling for $ 32 a pound, up from $ 20 in early 2011 ? is on pace to rise 8 % to 10 % a year, per the bbc. 
spokesman kevin lewis said obama is heartened by the level of engagement taking place in communities around the country. 
? president trump's decision to strike a syrian airbase in retaliation for a chemical attack on civilians has bipartisan support ? and bipartisan opposition. 
the military says the attack destroyed six syrian planes, but left the runway intact. 
samples, rough night offers a few sight gags that are pure, dumb genius and is at its best when it catches the precise crosscurrent between sleazy and breezy. 
as hangover - style dumb entertainments go, it's certainly good enough, she adds, but she isn't sure this is anything close to what women want to see. 
the best elements, the feisty, claws - out spontaneity of its competitive banter between'sisters'who love and hate each other and jillian bell, the film's comic spark plug. 
together they will define and project fox ? s voice to our relevant communities, said fox ? s chief legal and policy officer, viet dinh, in a statement. 
according to the washington post, the lawsuit calls the actions of mueller, deputy attorney general rod rosenstein, and the department of justice arbitrary, capricious, and not in accordance with the law. 
when reminded that her name and their names are on her birth certificate, dolezal said she couldn't prove they're not her parents, but i don't know that i can actually prove they are. 
the shock also damaged the switch contacts, which had to be intact for the weapon to detonate, the national security archive's bill burr explains. 
but in cuba, he was the yankee comandante who fought the revolution alongside fidel castro and che guevara. 
? american olympic superstar simone biles added her name to the list of women who say they were molested by former usa gymnastics team doctor larry nassar monday, cnn reports. 
? denver broncos wide receiver kenny mckinley has been found dead at his home from what police believe was a self - inflicted gunshot wound. 
the 23 - year - old athlete, who had been on the team's injured reserve list since early august with a knee injury, had recently returned from a visit to family in atlanta with his young son, an nfl source tells the the denver post. 
kenny was certainly one of my favorite all - time players, ? south carolina coach steve spurrier told the post and courier. 
? carrie fisher died at the age of 60 tuesday, four days after suffering a major heart attack. 
in a study, researchers had respondents give opinions of these faces, focusing on approachability, dominance, and attractiveness. 
a man busted at the scene for stealing items at a wawa convenience store on june 22 was questioned by police and verbally provided his name, date of birth, and social security number, as he didn't have id on him ? all of which matched whitehead's. 
if you thought a judge's sexuality, ethnicity, national origin ( or ) gender would prevent the judge from handling a case, that's a very slippery slope, retired federal judge vaughn walker tells the san francisco chronicle. 
on pace to fly 300, 000 miles this year, he's missed a lot of family fun plus his son's minor surgery and the puppy being hit by a car. 
8 million in gifts from sterling, according to a lawsuit filed by his wife of more than 50 years. 
he could fight back in the courts, but his chances of success are basically zero, a cnn legal analyst says. 
vladimir putin and president trump were among the world leaders congratulating macron on sunday. 
joseph dunford, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, said there will be no modifications to current policy for now, amid questions about trump's announcement on twitter that the us government will not accept or allow transgender people to serve in any capacity in the military, the ap reports. 
robert burke said transgender sailors will not be discharged and will continue to receive medical treatment until the white house issues clear guidance. 
just 3 % of cases went to trial last year, and of those, 89 % of defendants lost. 
in one case, a 53 - year - old woman with no prior convictions was given effectively a life sentence of 45 years for dealing meth and having guns in her house. 
maybe signs of higher intelligence are only visible in men's faces due to some genetic and developmental association, the researchers write. 
another option is that women are pervasively judged according to their attractiveness, which prevents an accurate assessment of their intelligence. 
local business owner dana fletcher tells cnn that the community about 30 miles east of san antonio is very small and very tight - knit. 
women are also more immersed in social networking, talking 28 % more and texting 14 % more than men each month. 
there ? s a fear there, ? owner peter stefan of the graham putnam and mahoney funeral parlor tells wbz. 
according to a preliminary ntsb report, a witness saw the airplane at the end of a right roll. 
the airplane was inverted and traveling at a high rate of speed, nose first, towards the ground in the vicinity of the tweed - new haven airport, where pilot bill henningsgaard was supposed to land. 
the indictment, updating existing charges, says christensen killed the university of illinois student in an especially heinous, cruel or depraved manner involving torture or serious physical abuse to the victim. 
the fbi questioned the suspect after determining his saturn was the car captured on surveillance video that picked up zhang, who was late for an appointment, at a campus bus stop on june 9. 
manganiello proposed while the couple was on vacation in hawaii on christmas, sources tell page six, and vergara, 42, has been spotted around the resort wearing a telltale ring. 
she was a kind and really beautiful girl, her mother tells cnn, explaining that while no cause of death has been determined, the epileptic seizures bartusiak had suffered since she was a baby returned last week after disappearing for a few years. 
the body of crissita cage - toaster was pulled from the detroit river in march 2010, five months after the 28 - year - old vanished, per the ap. 
the ensuing fire was one of several wildfires that killed a total of 173 people and destroyed more than 2, 000 homes on february 7, 2009, which became known as black saturday. 
the strange chain of events began when jurors couldn't reach a unanimous verdict about pearson. 
a second car with three people pulled over to help out the suv passengers ? the bear was dead, the suv was totaled, and passengers were hurt, though the driver herself wasn't injured. 
i have never heard of a case of a bear being in a traffic accident, a seminole police department spokesman tells cnn. 
my last memory of her was feeding her and putting her to bed, mother kristy woods told reporters. 
meanwhile, however, some us officials say new nuclear talks with iran are going well. 
the cia is scrambling to deal with the fallout from wikileaks'release tuesday of a vast trove of data on the agency's hacking tools. 
business insider examines some of wikileaks'claims and finds that there's no evidence that the cia was able to crack the encryption of apps like signal and whatsapp. 
companies including google, samsung, and whatsapp declined to comment, the washington post reports. 
? rookie giants linebacker mark herzlich is happier than most to be playing in the super bowl, ? 2 yrs ago i was told i might never walk again. 
according to the olmsted county attorney, long vang and jessica haban were together for 10 years. 
in what is called a depraved heart murder, prosecutors must prove vang did something that was very likely to kill while displaying complete disregard for human life, huffpo explains. 
the department of justice and the trump administration are going to fight these unjust, unfair, and unconstitutional policies that are imposed on you, sessions will say in a speech to the california peace officers association. 
? je suis charlie, read signs at silent vigils around the world as thousands of people gathered to express their horror and outrage at the terrorist attack on paris satirical newspaper charlie hebdo. 
kameron was a ball of energy, happy, smart, and could strike up a conversation with anyone, ? school counselor maria morales tells ksat. 
the national anthem performance at the super bowl is typically expected to take about two minutes. 
when you get into the details of the plans, it's not all written in spanish, says a health care navigator who helps people enroll in miami. 
fred was a true american icon and inspired countless people to explore this amazing planet, says dave o'leske, who spent the past decade filming beckey. 
we see absolutely no evidence for that, study co - author mark harrison says in a ucla press release. 
the epi estimates walmart is responsible for more than 15 % of the trade deficit growth from 2001 to 2013, costing 3. 
it came up in my race because i was born in panama, but i was born in the canal zone, which is a territory, mccain said wednesday on 550 kfyi. 
a restart of the operations, even only partially, as quick as this is a sign of hope, the airport's chief executive says. 
sophia grant, medical director of the child abuse unit at riverside university health system, tells the press - enterprise that such stunting of growth would have required malnourishment over a long period. 
the talks included discussion as to how being private could better serve tesla's long - term interests and the statement ends by saying the board is taking the appropriate next steps to evaluate this. 
vicky cornell, alarmed by how different her husband sounded, called band bodyguard martin kirsten, who had to kick in two latched doors before he found the 52 - year - old dead on the bathroom floor with blood running from his mouth and a red exercise band around his neck, according to a police report seen by the detroit news. 
maryland has seen damage to an iconic ocean pier in ocean city, and a blizzard warning has been issued for the mountainous western part of the state. 
more is expected in boston, which will see near blizzard conditions, cnn reports, and philadelphia and southern new jersey could see 3 to 7 inches. 
falling and blowing snow with strong winds and poor visibilities are likely, particularly in ny and long island, the weather service said, per cnn. 
a man pipes in, get the f - - - ing owner and the manager on the phone, i want that mother - f - - - er ? fired. 
the epa notes fixer upper footage reviewed by epa did not depict the lead - safe work practices normally required though magnolia took immediate steps to ensure compliance when it was notified. 
hwang says fox protected savage, and that when she reported the alleged violence to an executive producer he said, i'm not even sure what fred did constituted harassment and i don't think you should report it to hr. 
per ktvb, the sheriff says the parents refused to give us any further information to clear up the untruthfulness and they've changed their story on numerous occasions. 
people often see distracted driving as a socially acceptable sin ? an innocuous guilty pleasure in which everyone indulges, a university of south carolina law professor tells vocativ. 
my fellow liberians, ebola is real, ebola is contagious and ebola kills, said president ellen johnson sirleaf. 
a friend of potter's, who police said had romantic feelings for his daughter, has been charged as an accessory to murder. 
we think that the temperature at least in some part of the ocean must be higher than 190 degrees fahrenheit, team member sean hsu tells npr. 
as for gregory's job, post reporter paul farhi writes that it does not appear to be in any immediate jeopardy, but there are plenty of signs of concern. 
according to knxv, khan was being held in medium security at maricopa county jail at the time of the attack, which was only revealed friday. 
khan, who's from tucson, pleaded not guilty to terrorism and conspiracy to commit terrorism on tuesday, kpho / ktvk reports. 
cnn producer dewayne walker sued the network individually in january, claiming he was skipped over for promotions for more than 13 years because he's black. 
the lawsuit alleges that black employees receive disproportionately lower scores on evaluations and are also discriminated against when it comes to compensation, promotions, and terminations. 
two other black cnn employees have sued the network for discrimination this year, the hill reports. 
on the flip side, a new york post editorial says de blasio still owes the city an apology for his public insinuations that the nypd is a racist force. 
two other children, a 4 - year - old and a 10 - month - old, have been removed from the home, and charlie has been released to his mother's custody. 
23, 2013, less than three months before the boston marathon bombings, tamerlan tsarnaev was ready to reinvent himself. 
he applied that day to change his first name to muaz, in honor of a rebel from russia's dagestan republic who was killed by russian forces in 2009. 
the children who still appeared to be cured four years later had been eating peanut freely in their diet without having to follow any particular program of peanut intake, says mimi tang, the lead researcher. 
tang, an immunologist and allergist, combined a probiotic with a method known as peanut oral immunotherapy ? a high dose of the probiotic lactobacillus rhamnosus was combined with peanut protein in increasing amounts. 
4 %, and cook county commissioner jesus chuy garcia got 33. 
she later apologized and told nbc news, i didn't know'black people'was a racist term. 
3 billion in surplus military supplies sent to police departments across the country since 1997. 
west posted photos of her husband and daughter on her own facebook account, but seemed like a different person on other online accounts, reports the ap. 
with a personal description that included exhibitionist, west had a private instagram account under the name kitty kat west, reports al. 
stephen dennis, 49, has agreed to plead guilty and pay brink's back for the money he's accused of stealing from the federal reserve bank of atlanta while he was working in the armored transport service's birmingham branch ( brink's has already paid the bank back ), nbc news reports. 
ryan said he had a feeling there would be mixed reaction, ? and went on to claim that obamacare would drain medicare of $ 716 billion and put seniors at risk. 
contrary to what you've heard and what you may hear from subsequent speakers, obamacare actually strengthened medicare, said obama, who called the $ 716 - billion - cut claim simply untrue. 
elsewhere on your sunday dial, national institute for allergy and infectious diseases director anthony fauci, asymptomatic ( people ) do not transmit. 
the kings also raked in $ 700, 000 over the mlk memorial in washington, dc, and have licensed king's speeches for ads by apple, mercedes, chevrolet, and alcatel. 
we never even asked for the rights, selma director ava duvernay tells the washington post. 
this isn't exactly breaking news, schneider, who died in 2011, recounted the scene to the daily mail in 2007, saying even though what marlon was doing wasn't real, i was crying real tears and felt a little raped both by marlon and bertolucci. 
switzerland, where two commuter trains collided head - on today, injuring 44, four seriously, reports cnn. 
? it was pretty amazing to see that the entire facility was destroyed, ? said the author of a report by the private institute for science and international security. 
iran's military chief of staff said that the blast occurred while researchers were working on weapons capable of delivering a ? strong punch in the mouth to israel. 
isis experts believe the explosion occurred during a volatile procedure involving a new missile. 
4 million flowed through the essential consultants account between its creation weeks before the 2016 election and january this year, including hundreds of thousands of dollars from pharmaceutical firm novartis, at & t, and korea aerospace. 
last sunday, in less than 70 minutes, eight heroin overdoses were recorded in the county of about 200, 000 people. 
congress may end up funding planned parenthood while abolishing the adoption tax credit, writes david french in the conservative national review. 
the state legislature this week passed a bill that would allow business owners to cite their religious beliefs and refuse service to gay people, reports ap. 
as councilwoman lorena gonzalez explains, i have been unable to find a way forward that we could out - fund and out - resource the opposition campaign by november ( the opposition was campaigning for a referendum on the tax in the fall ). 
? david knowles was leading a class on cpr when he suddenly felt weak and dizzy. 
he spent 12 days trapped in our bureaucratic jungle because we couldn't communicate, the head of a red cross refugee center tells reuters. 
ten people, including a child, are still in hospital after the attack on one of the city's main thoroughfares. 
quite the contrary, the message is highlighted in the chain's first new ad since john schnatter was forced to resign last month over his use of the n - word. 
dennis kucinich cracked his tooth on an errant olive pit in april 2008, and he ? s not happy about it. 
) authorities found the hot tub water tinted red and collins with a black eye, swollen and bruised lips, a cut on his eyelid, and blood coming from his nose and mouth. 
detectives learned that 140 gallons of water were used between 1am and 3am on the morning collins died, and a hose was used. 
they found hot tub knobs and head cushions lying on the ground and collins'blood spattered on the hot tub cover, one of the cushions, and the sides of the tub. 
bates was found to have bruises and scratches all over his body, and police found collins'wedding ring and a broken shot glass at the bottom of the tub, as well as a broken pair of collins'glasses. 
? i had never seen one in my life before, ? tom palmer tells the boston globe. 
the bbc and wired quote love as saying the reason i have gone through this ordeal is not to just to save myself from being kidnapped and locked up for 99 years in a country i have never visited, but that he hoped his case set a precedent so this will not happen to people in the future. 
wired notes that love would have faced up to 99 years and a fine of up to $ 9 million were he convicted in us courts. 
? starting next summer, licensed gun owners will be able to carry concealed weapons into buildings at public universities in texas. 
hamermesh is a sue killam professor emeritus of economics at the university, and he continues in the letter that he cannot believe that i am the only potential or current faculty member who is aware of and disturbed by this heightened risk. 
one former production assistant says he was in a car on the way to the set with spacey when the actor suddenly put his hands down his pants. 
house of cards producer media rights capital says spacey was reported for sexual harassment in 2012 and it is deeply troubled by the new allegations, per the hollywood reporter. 
bill haslam yesterday signed a bill allowing the state to use the electric chair if execution drugs are not available, the ap reports. 
other states allow condemned inmates to choose the chair, but tennessee is the first to reintroduce it without giving prisoners a choice, according to the death penalty information center. 
it suggests what the post calls a strict climate test be applied to all decisions regarding new fossil fuel development, from ocean drilling to the keystone xl pipeline. 
70, the number of health workers at texas health presbyterian hospital who took care of the first us ebola patient, thomas eric duncan, who died of the virus. 
$ 500, 000, the potential cost of care for ashoka mukpo, a freelance cameraman who picked up ebola in liberia. 
upon examination of the contents, and unable to make a judgment about their accuracy, i delivered the information to the director of the fbi, mccain said in a statement wednesday. 
while most muslim people wouldn't carry out such an attack, maher said hundreds of millions of them support an attack like this. 
? some passengers were hurled to the ceiling monday when an aeroflot flight from moscow to bangkok hit a patch of turbulence so severe that dozens of passengers were injured. 
there are 10 bug classes eligible, cross - site scripting bugs, for example, are worth 50, 000 miles, while authentication bypass bugs earn 250, 000. 
brandon jenkins interviewed for the community college of baltimore county's radiation therapy program, and was asked, what is the most important thing to you. 
but the summit ( which joins the 10 asean countries with eight other nations, including china and the us ) was expected to focus on the territorial issues. 
? addressing a conference in malmo, sweden, home of many immigrants, the dalai lama said europe was morally responsible for helping refugees who are in danger ? but that ultimately those refugees should return to their homelands. 
? a girl must marry for love, and keep on marrying until she finds it, oft - married actress and socialite zsa zsa gabor once said. 
the suspension was supported by the other members of the group, the us, canada, japan, france, germany, italy, and the uk. 
she says she went to a party at the mansion, where she was introduced to cosby, who gave her a drink, though she was underage. 
this isn't something i really wanted out there about myself, she says, but after so many women have come forward, i feel he needs to pay for it. 
eight of those compounds were found only in decomposing humans and surprisingly human - like pigs, and five of them were unique to humans. 
these five compounds ? called esters ? were created by decomposing muscles, carbohydrates, and fat, discovery reports. 
the show has been consistently stuck in third place, well behind today and good morning america. 
authorities say a male and female student were each shot in the arm this afternoon at the delaware valley charter school in north philadelphia. 
bales'platoon leader told the washington post that bales was one of the best soldiers i have every worked with, and that he saved many a life. 
we would be willing to leave this country together and go someplace like the uk or europe or canada where we could be together, but i don ? t want to be a refugee in my own country, ? vandiver tells the daily princetonian. 
the independent reports that a girl in southwest china has survived after being born last week at just 23 weeks. 
since then, munn says she's getting the cold shoulder, as usa today puts it, from fellow cast members and black, who hasn't spoken to her. 
the company says it believes more than ever that the phone will be the primary reading device globally over the next decade, but it feels this is best seized by taking on new opportunities to fully realize our vision for e - books. 
we can ? t just point a single finger at this company, says the director of the west virginia rivers coalition, noting that the site of the spill hadn't been inspected since 1991. 
usa today reports 157 pregnant women in the continental us and another 122 in us territories tested positive for the virus, which can cause miscarriages and birth defects. 
? an inmate from utah just weeks away from parole died after a dialysis technician failed to show up ? for two days in a row. 
estrada died on sunday of apparent cardiac arrest due to renal failure, the salt lake tribune reports. 
a spokeswoman for the university of utah hospital, which was supposed to send a technician to the prison in draper, tells the ap there appears to have been a miscommunication and there will be a thorough review of the circumstances that led to this unacceptable mistake. 
the court of master sommeliers, americas announced tuesday it would invalidate the results of the blind tasting administered in st. 
an unnamed court master breached the confidentiality of the test by releasing detailed information concerning wines in the tasting flight ahead of time, the court says, per the washington post. 
it's a tremendous amount of waste and heartbreak for everybody who passed in an honest way, says the sole member of the 2018 class to keep his title, having passed the tasting portion last year. 
? police have released the heartbreaking 911 calls placed in the moments before texas mom christy sheats killed her two daughters friday. 
a family friend says sheats had recently moved back into the home and hid a gun in a couch before calling a family meeting. 
the michigan state university college of osteopathic medicine suspended thompson last week when the first charges surfaced. 
? days before his death this summer, 39 - year - old max spiers texted his mother these words, if anything happens to me, investigate. 
friends say he had been staying with a woman in warsaw ahead of the conference and was vomiting black liquid and suffering from migraines before being found dead on a couch. 
spiers'mother, vanessa bates, describes him as a very fit man who was in good health, and she fears her son made enemies after digging into dark places. 
i continue to have significant oversight duties relating to her visitation with her children, he writes in a new petition to the court. 
when i heard they were using runway 18, it caught my attention because of that hill, a commercial pilot tells ap. 
trump also tells pena nieto your citizens are being killed all over the place, your police officers are being shot in the head, and your children are being killed. 
? the state of louisiana's refusal to install air conditioning on death row has already cost taxpayers at least $ 1, 067, 000 in expenses fighting a lawsuit filed on behalf of three inmates with medical problems, according to records obtained by the ap. 
most of the money has gone to private attorneys on opposing sides of the case, which us district judge brian jackson says could ultimately cost many more millions of dollars, and expert witnesses and state contractors also have received tens of thousands of dollars. 
a state engineer in 2014 said nine ac units could cool all eight tiers in the 10 - year - old building that holds death row, with a state attorney saying each unit would cost several thousand dollars. 
stiles zuschlag, of lebanon, maine, tells seacoast media group he'd excelled academically and in sports and had many friends at tri - city christian academy in somersworth when he made it known in 2015 that he was transgender. 
zimmerman's parents call their son a bright light who enjoyed teaching people and sharing the gospel of jesus christ. 
she was intentionally feeding her son salt in toxic levels, said a district attorney in court yesterday, where spears pleaded not guilty. 
the madison police chief says he's recommended eric parker be fired because his use of force against someone who was unarmed, had committed no crime, and does not speak english did not meet the high standards and expectations of the madison city police department. 
as another patrol car pulls up and the officers have patel turned around with his hands behind his back, parker slams him forcefully to the ground. 
? it created an increasing level of fear and anxiety, ? says attorney lisa banks. 
he couldn't speak because many of his teeth had been displaced, but he waved limply to let us know that he was ok, he writes of seeing singh at the hospital. 
the 72 - year - old ? s illnesses came to light during a civil case involving her husband, who wants control of more than $ 1 million of her money, and her son, who wants the money to be overseen by a third party. 
she suffered a urinary tract infection, then sepsis, early last year and hasn ? t been on stage since, the press - enterprise reports. 
? rupert murdoch, son james, and news international ceo rebekah brooks have been asked to appear before british parliament. 
? on the face of the evidence, there is concern that is raised about this officer ? s conduct, says salt lake county district attorney sim gill. 
? the new york city fire department is mourning firefighter michael davidson, who died fighting a massive blaze that broke out on a film set in harlem thursday night. 
commissioner daniel nigro says two other firefighters are in serious condition with burns, and two other people were injured, the ap reports. 
in a no - win situation for the gop, some republicans in congress want to investigate russia's involvement in the election against trump's wishes. 
from nearly failed state to emerging global player ? in less than a decade is what time called colombia on its latest cover. 
while defending the secret service in general, obama said if allegations about misconduct prove to be accurate, ? then, of course, i'll be angry, he said. 
5 million us catholics who have been remarried without getting their first marriage annulled by the church. 
authorities say rocha, acting as a courier for the nephew of telexfree's founder, delivered a suitcase containing $ 2. 
she will need super delegates to take her over the top of the convention in philadelphia, he said, per abc news. 
what's more, the people who invented the automated neuropsychological assessment metric and stood to gain financially from its use were involved in the military's decision to employ it. 
well i think profiling is something that we're going to have to start thinking about as a country, trump tells cbs news'face the nation on sunday. 
the makeup of the dispersants is secret under trade laws, but their toxins can kill fish and collect on the seabed to reenter the food chain. 
he did so, he explained, because colbert busch won't debate him publicly, so he decided to debate cardboard pelosi instead. 
el chapo arrived in ciudad juarez along with 150 federal police officers aboard three planes and was taken from the airport to the prison by helicopter. 
police say racqual thompson had left the children without informing a grandmother who also lived at the apartment complex. 
? president trump slammed the disgraceful verdict thursday after a mexican citizen was found not guilty of murder in the 2015 shooting death of kate steinle at a san francisco pier. 
zarate's defense attorneys said he found a handgun wrapped in a shirt under a chair and it accidentally went off as he picked it up, nbc reports. 
steinle died in the arms of her father, jim steinle, who tells the san francisco chronicle that the family is shocked and saddened by the verdict. 
chicago police superintendent eddie johnson said monday that the federal government's plans will damage public safety and community policing. 
the department of conservation explains that cereal bait laced with rodent toxin was dropped via helicopter on the island during the winter of 2016. 
specifically, the patent titled system and method using foot recognition to create a customized guest experience would scan guests shoes when they enter the park then track them as the move about. 
? a 21 - year - old baltimore county man died in the hospital three days after being repeatedly punched by officers responding to his 911 call, the guardian reports. 
? wbal reports a medic gave boyd haloperidol, an antipsychotic drug, to calm him down. 
? the turner case highlighted for many women ? s advocates how sex assault cases are often trivialized as a result of the college drinking culture, observes the san francisco chronicle, though a campus spokeswoman says the new policy is not directly related to the case. 
the district says that dealing with its sludge ponds will cost an estimated $ 2 million. 
he opened the cell door, and the men attacked him, grabbing his keys and cell phone, the sheriff says. 
you've got to remember these folks were cleared by the us military and by the department of defense to come in and train, he says. 
discovered in 2017 at the guatemalan site of la corona, the nearly 1, 500 - year - old engraving depicts a king named chak took ich'aak conjuring gods from a shaft shaped like a snake. 
in this case, around 1, 500 years ago, i would call this the historical mayan version of game of thrones, excavation co - director tomas barrientos tells phys. 
? shows that la corona was the place where the most important historical mayan political movement began to take shape, says barrientos. 
? donald trump's transition team sent a memo with 74 questions to the energy department this week, among them a request for the names of people who have worked on climate change issues recently. 
we are going to respect the professional and scientific integrity and independence of our employees at our labs and across our department, says a department spokesperson, who added that the trump team's request left many in our workforce unsettled. 
white house spokesperson josh earnest said the request for a list of names could have been an attempt to target civil servants. 
it is not a government that limits the lives of people, he said in an address on state tv, reuters reports. 
that good samaritan, michael long, also has a metal detector, and so when he heard about the lost ring, he thought it would just be nice to get up there, help a random couple out, and find the ring before someone else found it. 
the west loop facility hosted winfrey's talk show from 1990 until it finished in 2011. 
we were here when there was nothing but hoes and rats on the street, and now it's one of the hottest neighborhoods in the city she says, adding that it will be sad to say goodbye, but i look ahead with such a knowing that what the future holds is even more than i can see. 
in a speech to african leaders wednesday, president trump referred to nambia not once but twice, first in his general introduction and then later when he mentioned that nambia's health system is increasingly self - sufficient. 
asked sunday by cnn's jake tapper if the world would be a more stable place if moammar gadhafi and saddam hussein were still in power, trump responded, 100 %. 
he addressed the jobs plan, made after he met with then president - elect donald trump in january 2017, on wednesday, this promise was on the basis of friendly china - us cooperation and reasonable bilateral trade relations, but the current situation has already destroyed that basis. 
? we ? re closing the gap between the kitchen and our plants, ? campbell soup ceo denise morrison tells the times. 
? it ? s a delicate balance because these products are beloved, ? one campbell soup executive says. 
david morrison, a senior space scientist at nasa, says that if nibiru were really on a collision course with earth, we would have seen it by now. 
almario was arrested in may 2016 and charged as an adult with human trafficking and making terrorist threats. 
we were able to get these girls back home and get them the help they needed ? but these pimps are ruining these kids'lives at an early age. 
it causes heart muscles to grow in a more healthy way and it also stimulates blood vessel growth in the heart, increasing blood flow just like with exercise. 
i am committed to getting to the bottom of what happened in this particular matter, as well as reviewing our processes for responding to information that we receive from the public, fbi director christopher wray says. 
if we could think of better we ? d honestly take it, wrote the chief constable of police in surrey to one complaint. 
? james franco is a bully who shoved her to the ground on the set of freaks and geeks, busy philipps writes in new memoir this will only hurt a little. 
she says her co - star apologized to her the next day, having been ordered to do so by the episode's director and producers, but he was never punished. 
we don't want to pick this moment of all moments to boost taxes on employers, says an economist at the brookings institution. 
7 seconds in the 50 - meter preliminary, phelps ? outfitted in a special wetsuit and monofin ? lost to a hammerhead ( time, 15. 
this week, players nadir barnwell, razohnn gross, ruhann peele, and delon stephenson were charged with assault stemming from a fight in april that left a 19 - year - old student with a broken jaw, according to nj. 
i'm an elderly woman, i know what went on in the war and it's to be expected, janes, 79, says of her father's affair. 
police say the 26 - year - old woman, who has not been identified, died of a self - inflicted gunshot wound to the head. 
police traced the package with the photos back to a shipping store in brooklyn, and the video shows a woman with a dark cap and glasses carrying the package into the store. 
more than 200 women across the us have joined a class - action lawsuit claiming that the sulfate - free hair products contain an ingredient that causes a chemical reaction and damages hair and follicles, the daily beast reports. 
the parties are attempting to settle their differences outside of court and we have agreed to refrain from any extrajudicial statements about the case in the meantime, she tells the beast, which notes that since the causes of hair loss in women can be very complicated, it could be tough to prove in court that wen products are responsible for plaintiffs'bald patches. 
the nhl's deputy commissioner, however, says, we are completely satisfied with our record on player safety, including as it relates to head injuries and brain trauma. 
the confrontation occurred after a jewish student objected to the drinking game, according to the school's jewish society. 
right now we have a culture divide that has been accentuated by political so - called leaders, ? kerry said, per the hill. 
the head of the nfl players association slammed parker, telling the washington post that players should never beg for authenticity from someone who can only talk about the things that other people have the courage to do. 
but because we've seen her so many times without the calf, we know that somebody else has it, jenny atkinson of san juan island's whale museum tells the cbc. 
ceglia is accused of creating a false contract in which zuckerberg agreed to provide ceglia with at least a 50 % interest in facebook in return for coding work ceglia did in 2003. 
if reports of the deal are true, trump's base is blown up, destroyed, irreparable, and disillusioned beyond repair, said gop rep. 
according to biderman's leaked emails, bhatia figured out how to download the user database of nerve. 
the site blows the lid off the neolithic revolution in a number of ways, says researcher david jacques, who notes that it provides evidence of people staying put, clearing land, building, and presumably worshiping, monuments. 
simon and three others were convicted of killing 14 random white victims and wounding seven others from october 1973 to april 1974. 
the other three killers are still serving life sentences without parole at separate prisons. 
after tough negotiations, weiner has signed a deal with amc and lionsgate believed to be worth around $ 30 million, reports the new york times. 
i'm not don draper, i don't have the stomach for this, weiner ? who was under pressure to cut costs ? said of the negotiations. 
the death toll in the kerch attack reached 20 ? 15 students and five teachers ? after one of the injured died thursday, the ap reports. 
the owner of barista's restaurant tells the spectrum that he told the city, i am not removing the penis for you or because of your complaints. 
the former nba player today sang happy birthday to best friend kim jong un, the ap reports. 
jon alterman at the center for strategic and international studies describes brunson as a pawn in a feud between president trump and turkey's president recep tayyip erdogan. 
he hit me with his open hand on my left ear for jumping out of the car, ? crowley reportedly said, adding she couldn't hear two days later. 
laszlo, who was filmed kicking a child and tripping a man with a child in his arms, says, as a mother i'm particularly sorry that fate had it that a child was running at me, and i wasn't able to sense that. 
timurlengia also had slender, blade - like teeth suitable for slicing through meat and probably preyed on the various large plant - eaters, especially early duck - billed dinosaurs, an expert says. 
in a blog post, ceo elon musk says his company asked for the investigation and writes that if something is discovered that would result in a material improvement in occupant fire safety, we will immediately apply that change to new cars and offer it as a free retrofit to all existing cars. 
to that end, we believe the evidence is clear that there is no safer car on the road than the model s, musk notes. 
greece says it will return a blackhawk helicopter flown to the country from turkey, but it will examine the asylum claims made by the eight military members on board, including two majors, the ap reports. 
in the original facebook post, the blm said the video captured this strange'thing'swimming in the chena river in fairbanks. 
' frazil ice is a kind of loose, slushy ice that forms on water, explains alaska dispatch news. 
he did have ideas for episodes vii, viii, and ix ? but disney looked at the stories and they said,'we want to make something for the fans. 
? a new investigative report in rolling stone reveals that while urban meyer was head coach at the university of florida, meyer may have helped to cover up a drive - by shooting, an assault, and failed drug tests for aaron hernandez. 
? sarah palin has been granted a restraining order against a pennsylvania man who sent her a gun receipt and told her he was buying a one - way ticket to alaska. 
5 billion is earmarked for a border wall, and homeland security would get a 6. 
the ap reports that the budget funds trump's boost for the pentagon, the biggest since ronald reagan's, with cuts to conservative targets including the national endowment for the arts, legal aid for the poor, and the americorps national service program. 
he appears to have suffered from a medical emergency while on the balcony, mount lebanon chief of police aaron lauth tells people. 
this is a devastating tragedy and the studio is investigating the matter, sony pictures / tristar pictures said in a statement to usa today. 
the fcc says removing net neutrality rules will facilitate critical broadband investment and innovation. 
a blog post by the cia highlights five documents we think x - files character agent fox mulder would love to use to try and persuade others of the existence of extraterrestrial activity and five documents we think his skeptical partner, agent dana scully, could use to prove there is a scientific explanation for ufo sightings. 
in most of the reported cases, it adds, expert investigators uncovered reasonable explanations for the sightings, such as missile tests or cloud formations. 
if the shutdown lasts more than a couple of weeks, veterans may not receive pension payments or see their disability claims paid. 
the women, infants and children ( wic ) nutritional program could keep running through october in many states, but could shut down after just one week in some. 
and head start programs, which provide health, nutrition, and other services to low - income kids, will gradually start closing. 
? greg hardy is the carolina panthers'franchise player, a pro bowl defensive end who will make $ 13. 
a neighbor who ran to help after hearing peacock's screams says it felt like it was more than 100 degrees in braydon's room. 
? a month after confirming zika causes birth defects, cdc researchers say there is a substantial risk that a pregnant woman will have a baby with a birth defect if infected with zika during her first trimester. 
harvey is expected to make landfall as a category 3 hurricane late friday or early saturday, and accuweather meteorologist alex sosnowski says it may be nothing short of a flooding disaster for texas, usa today reports. 
there is no doubt in my mind that the city will flood, resident angie flores, who went to austin with her husband and their four dogs, tells the american - statesman. 
we hope that the reward will encourage someone that may have heard something to step forward with information that may lead us to the person who committed these really depraved acts of cruelty, says a spokesperson for la county supervisor michael antonovich. 
the most stable traits in one's 30s are extraversion and neuroticism, while in the late 40s and early 50s it is openness, honesty - humility, and conscientiousness. 
? adel daoud is a chicago 19 - year - old accused by the feds of trying to detonate a bomb outside a chicago bar in 2012. 
their conclusion, only a constant, heavy flow would have moved rocks that were already miles from the eruption. 
? in a reversal of course, police in charlotte on saturday released bodycam and dashcam footage from the fatal shooting of keith scott. 
the white house declined to comment on how scavino was verifying posts that he shared with trump and pence. 
the pti party, notably led by a former cricket star named imran khan, identified the islamabad station chief in a letter to police. 
in a statement, the national security council said it expects moscow to look at all options available to expel mr. 
the photos have been published in a book that also includes pictures of the printer's manuscript of the book of mormon ? a handwritten copy of the original manuscript that was produced by one of smith's scribes. 
shane oliver and robert yates, both 20 - year - olds at suny brockport, have been charged with torturing and injuring an animal. 
mueller, who was repeatedly raped by isis leader abu bakr al - baghdadi, died in captivity last year. 
she says she stayed at lenny only because she had a good relationship with the editors there, but that now it is time for women of color ? black women in particular ? to divest from lena dunham. 
she had originally chosen a valentino dress, and valentino even put out a press release sunday saying hathaway would be wearing one of the fashion house's designs. 
obama is now leading by four percentage points in gallup's national tracking poll, two in rasmussen's, four in ipsos ', and three in rand's polling. 
the problem with irrational responses is that they can cloud the need for rational ones ? which this honored group of men and women had. 
one other gates anecdote that drew laughs, when i walked in, his first sentence kind of threw me off. 
the couple was arrested tuesday after someone spotted them outside a portland burlington coat factory with an 11 - month - old baby. 
walker said governors combine executive experience from outside of washington with a fresh approach, concluding we need something fresh, organic from the bottom up ? and that ? s what you get in the states. 
? the military operation to wrest mosul from isis could become the single largest, most complex humanitarian operation in the world in 2016, a un official said monday. 
in the worst - case scenario, we can't rule out the possibility that there may be a chemical weapons attack, grande said, warning that isis may try and hold civilian populations either as human shields or forcibly expel huge numbers of civilians in the face of an attack by the iraqi security forces knowing the iraqi forces will not fire on their own people. 
the death was that of a liberian consultant who collapsed in the lagos airport on july 20, and health authorities have quarantined the hospital that cared for him. 
i think it's a really good goal to encourage kids to eat better, christie told the telegraph. 
? people have been calling for it for years, and mark zuckerberg said at a company town hall meeting today that a dislike button is finally coming to facebook. 
also, says archaeologist dieter noli, it's the oldest shipwreck ever found in sub - saharan africa. 
if you look up from your cell phone you'll see we're doing a show up here, tony - nominated actor jarrod spector had tweeted during the performance. 
she also appeared on reality shows including dancing with the stars in recent years as well as hosting retirement tv's florence henderson show. 
if 342 of the lower house's 513 legislators vote in favor of impeachment, the process moves to the senate, which would decide whether to open a trial. 
the nuts and bolts, the mission, the 10 - foot probe will launch in july or august of 2018 and eventually get to within 3. 
parker, who turns 90 in june, is a professor emeritus at the university of chicago, and the guardian recounts that the theory he put forward in 1958 about a stream of charged particles flowing from the sun was once thought to be crazy. 
raw milk, sure, people say unpasteurized milk is healthy and boosts the immune system. 
among the people speaking up for schaquana evita spears, a 30 - year - old single mom of six, is lisa nicholson ? the woman whose baton rouge home spears's sons, ages 13, 12, and 10, broke into. 
in a statement, the district attorney hillar moore said the case is under review and noted the law does not allow excessive pain or cruelty but does allow physical parental discipline. 
we got the most mail we ? ve ever gotten for a single person in schenectady, says the local post master. 
however, the supreme court issued a statement thursday noting that after she went home, ginsburg had discomfort overnight, and a visit to george washington university hospital early thursday revealed she broke three ribs on her left side, usa today reports. 
? i didn ? t want any misinformation that i ? ve told people i ? m running ? that ? s not the case, ? huckabee tells howard kurtz at fox news. 
there's more good news in qapik ? a unit of currency in azerbaijan ? adding to an arsenal of 20 playable words beginning with q that don't need a u. 
there are some sweet scorers now eligible for play, including bizjet ? a small plane used for business and some magical vowel dumps, such as arancini, those italian balls of cooked rice. 
? when police searched the upstairs room, they found several suitcases, a duffel bag, and other personal items belonging to potts, says county da bill higgins. 
astronauts get taller in space as the spine elongates, nasa's jeff williams explains. 
prosecutors say 22 - year - old dwright boone - doty lured fourth - grader tyshawn lee into an alley in november and shot him as part of an ongoing gang feud. 
shorty couldn ? t take it no more, prosecutors quote boone - doty, allegedly describing tyshawn during the shooting. 
boone - doty was charged with tyshawn's murder ? as well as the murder of a 19 - year - old woman weeks earlier ? on monday. 
on monday, her son - in - law, tom stathos, told kcbd that the song peggy sue initially had a different name, it was originally going to be cindy lou ( holly's niece ). 
nobody should be allowed to burn the american flag ? if they do, there must be consequences, trump said. 
a trump transition rep notes the president - elect is a very strong supporter of the first amendment, but there's a big difference between that and burning the american flag. 
starting prices for the trucks in the f - series super duty line, which debuted thursday at the state fair of texas and also includes an f - 250 and an f - 350, range from $ 80, 835 to $ 87, 100. 
the new book is by former seal team six leader chuck pfarrer, who says he interviewed the team that killed bin laden. 
but team members confirm there was no kill order, and that they would have captured bin laden if possible. 
abnormalities were seen in brain regions that process things like moral reasoning, guilt, and embarrassment. 
this is a difficult but important conversation, and it's time for big changes, she said in a statement monday night, per the hollywood reporter. 
the academy is taking dramatic steps to alter the makeup of our membership, she added, promising a review of our membership recruitment in order to bring about much - needed diversity in our 2016 class and beyond. 
boone isaacs noted that the academy worked hard to stay relevant by recruiting younger members in the'60s and'70s, and the goal now is inclusion in all of its facets, gender, race, ethnicity, and sexual orientation. 
the epilepsy foundation spoke out about the issue, and a petition called for disney to include a visual warning about the lights. 
a joint facebook page shows the turpins, accompanied by their children, renewing their wedding vows in las vegas. 
a 2011 bankruptcy filing seen by cnn states that david turpin made $ 140, 000 per year working as an engineer at northrup grumman. 
he is listed as principal of the sandcastle day school, a private school with just six students, at his perris address, ktla reports. 
greenlee always enjoyed helping those less fortunate than herself, and had always planned when she was older to become a veterinarian and to help rescue more animals, the family says in a gofundme campaign to honor her memory by helping animals in the community. 
the argument is that the players'connection to bosch is an offense in and of itself, and their previous denials of that connection to league officials is the second. 
she only said in general she met with some people who looked japanese or korean, says indonesian deputy ambassador andreano erwin. 
of the 65 people who attended the baby's funeral, 15 contracted the deadly disease and at least 11 of them have died, ap reports. 
the outbreak has killed at least 16 people so far, and the hospital at the center of the outbreak is now dealing with 30 more suspected cases, including five from a prison, reports cnn. 
the democratic congressman ? who's likely the next house intelligence committee chairman ? says the next president could face a big decision, the bigger pardon question may come down the road, as the next president has to determine whether to pardon donald trump. 
trump later issued a statement on his website saying the star is used by sheriffs who deal with criminals and criminal behavior and that clinton is just trying to divert attention from the dishonest behavior of herself and her husband. 
couldn't be happier, two longtime white house staffers, two great guys biden tweeted alongside a photo of the ceremony. 
in sukudu, there were 34 known ebola cases, including 28 deaths among 900 residents, reports gizmodo. 
? previous studies have found teen marijuana use could result in cancer, asthma, respiratory problems, and psychotic symptoms like delusions and hallucinations over time. 
the officer stopped the car and made contact with the operators to learn more about how the car was choosing speeds along certain roadways, authorities say in a blog post, noting it was lawful for the car to be traveling on the street. 
according to the california vehicle code, the cars can operate on roads with speed limits of 35mph or under. 
however, we've capped the speed of our prototype vehicles at 25mph for safety reasons, google self - driving car project explains. 
the study tells us for the first time that it's possible to detect some signs of autism in the first months of life, one of the emory university researchers tells the bbc. 
sporting camouflage and body armor, about 10 members of the three percenters militia stood watch in case anything were to happen. 
after further references to swift's lyrics, standish concludes, at least for the moment, defendants have shaken off this lawsuit. 
it's not only a record for death valley, it should be noted that this is the hottest average monthly temperature ever measured in the us, or, for that matter, anywhere in the western hemisphere, a climatologist tells the washington post. 
the bag is embedded with space material and is a rare artifact, if not a national treasure, officials say. 
) carlson sued in june to have the bag returned to her, but federal prosecutors are asking a judge to rescind the sale. 
5 million americans would gain access to health care if all 19 holdout states allowed medicaid expansion. 
women younger than 30 are six times more likely to develop melanoma if they tan indoors, says a university of alabama researcher who wasn't involved in the study. 
the fda announced today that the emergency contraceptive will be available without a prescription to those ages 15 and older. 
students will also be required to take an english test, participate in a video interview and send their high school transcripts, reports the bbc, and they may still need to take the sat or act exam. 
the university of san francisco has an early admissions program that allows june test takers to enroll in the fall semester, based on their grades, gaokao score, and personal interview in english. 
? a houston couple was disturbed to hear a stranger in their 2 - year - old daughter's room saturday. 
as we stated before, his application was properly submitted, reviewed by numerous career officials and underwent the normal process, says kushner attorney abbe lowell. 
? at the age of 16, your legal relationship with the government changes, ? says council member charles allen, who introduced the measure. 
if passed by the council and signed by the mayor, the measure must undergo a 30 - day congressional review period. 
it's incredible to think about a normal, healthy child who can succumb to the flu and succumb very, very quickly, a cleveland clinic doctor warns. 
? his followers jumped from 60 to more than 6, 000 and his iphone ? wouldn ? t stop bleeping, ? so he deleted the twitter application from it. 
the authors said the purpose of the oval structures ? measuring 172 square feet and 25 square feet ? is still a matter of speculation, though they may have served some symbolic or ritual purpose. 
aldabra giant tortoises can survive for months without food or water, but the zoo was anxious to have abuh back and was offering a $ 4, 500 reward for her safe return. 
the so called'mooch,'who can ? t even manage his first week in the white house without leaving upset in his wake, the fake priebus wrote. 
the neighborhood watchman ordered a bulletproof vest and an infrared home security system, the ap reports. 
he called the infrared device an extra layer of security at the point of entry at his residence, the records say, via usa today. 
clinton, however, describes the former virginia governor as a lifelong fighter for progressive causes, and both wall street donors and labor groups are happy with the choice. 
norman solomon, who says his bernie delegates network represents hundreds of sanders delegates, calls kaine a loyal servant of oligarchy. 
the offending tweet from ken cuccinelli, how much would i give to be one of the 72 virginans osama is'hanging out'with since sunday. 
high - level officials from the two nations announced the meeting after talks in the demilitarized zone on monday. 
police say jonathan carlyle merkley was celebrating his 34th birthday early sunday at a hotel near san diego when a woman decided to leave the party. 
lawler, who once performed for the wwe as grandmaster sexay on the too cool tag team, had been behind bars after being arrested on july 7 and charged with dui, driving with a revoked license, and evading arrest. 
8 million worth of valencia peanuts owned by costco ? is being dumped as part of the sale of a bankrupt plant linked to a huge peanut butter recall in 2012, reports the ap. 
i do not think the media or the party establishment have a real grasp on how deep the anger and frustration is around the country, a south carolina republican tells politico. 
the department of homeland security office of the inspector general found that in the space of a few days, 45 secret service agents accessed chaffetz's confidential file, politico reports. 
a - 68 is the trillion - ton iceberg ? the largest in the world ? that broke away from the ice shelf last summer. 
british antarctic survey scientists led by linse were scheduled to arrive in antarctica on wednesday. 
arias'attorney tells courthouse news that there was no way to turn the app off, as it would constantly run in the background. 
exercise, sand volleyball, indoor basketball, exercise machines, badminton, bocci, and bridge will be available to him. 
on saturday, she was found shot to death along with the rest of her family in what police believe was a murder - suicide. 
the bodies of mark short, 40, megan short, 33, and children willow, 2, mark jr. 
a police rep says only that the two devices were not fireworks and were intended, i believe, to do harm and could have done harm to people. 
that's better than humans looking at instagram photos and better than the success rate of general practitioners diagnosing depression. 
on twitter, national front party leader marine le pen praised venner. 
a clark county prosecutor ? who plans to have howell extradited back to indiana ? tells the ap that howell and the girl's brother are members of the same car club and that the girl attended a car event with howell. 
bowman had obtained the seeds from a grain elevator intended for animal feed, and argued that a doctrine called patent exhaustion allowed him to do as he pleased with the grain once he had purchased it. 
meanwhile, a youcaring page has raised $ 15, 000 to pay for robertson's funeral expenses. 
kahn has directed music videos for swift including bad blood and wildest dreams. 
next, it ? s a march to manhattan ? s foley square, where a protest is backed by major unions. 
steven was on the stairwell of his grandmother's house on the west side of chicago when police officers stormed up the stairwell chasing, family attorney andrew stroth said sunday, prior to a march in the teen's name, per the tribune. 
a trumbull mother tells the connecticut post her son's freshman football team was playing greenwich on thursday when the players charged onto the field shouting hitler. 
all of the above except skyfall were nominated for best film, along with ben affleck's argo and kathryn bigelow's zero dark thirty. 
? we are in a war with terror, and these savage minority groups will not frighten us, tunisia's president beji caid essebsi vowed in the wake of a terrorist attack that has now killed 18 foreign tourists and three tunisians, plus the two gunmen. 
but in a bright spot, two spanish tourists who hid in the museum all night have now been found safe. 
he somehow pulled one of those blankets through the rails of his crib and got stuck in it, leading to his death. 
aereo's best hope is that the justices adhere to a lower court's cartoon network vs. 
she was a lovely woman who was one of the few truly good people, said brother johannes von trapp, a son born later to georg von trapp and his second wife, also named maria. 
obama ? s boost is nearly identical to the one bush got after saddam hussein ? s capture in 2003. 
a rep for chinese travel company young pioneer tours says undergraduate commerce student otto frederick warmbier, 21, was arrested at pyongyang airport on jan. 
north korea's official news agency says he visited with the aim to destroy the country's unity and was caught committing a hostile act against the state, which was tolerated and manipulated by the us government, per reuters. 
trump called the fed the biggest risk to the economy, due to the three times it's raised interest rates this year. 
but as the woman, identified as xiang liujuan, fell halfway through, she pushed her toddler son to safety. 
mcnamara, 46, died of unknown causes in her sleep on april 21 at home in los angeles. 
the government has made an inevitable decision to bring back home all of our citizens left behind in kaesong for their protection, said south korea's unification minister. 
roy riegel, mcdonald's childhood friend and fellow new york mets superfan, died in 2008 at the age of 48. 
but sources say deng was surprised to be served with divorce papers, even though she and murdoch have been growing distant in recent months ( and have been sleeping in separate bedrooms for a while, according to the daily beast ). 
and we could be hearing more soon, wolff tweeted last night, i'm hearing the why, the big reveal, the scandal details, could come tomorrow. 
nickels, which are worth five cents, cost seven cents each to make, but dimes and quarters cost less than their value to produce, which ends up making up for the losses associated with pennies and nickels. 
the same report notes all four top cancers ? breast, lung, colorectal, and cervical ? are mostly preventable or easily detected early on, aiding treatment. 
1 % of babies wailed more than three hours a day, at least three days a week. 
people often call something'innate'because they don't understand the kinds of subtle experiences that can make something, like altruism, flourish, says the lead author, admitting that the findings will stir up some controversy, but in a good way. 
house speaker paul ryan called mccain one of the bravest souls our nation has produced, even if he did talk like a sailor. 
on saturday, mccain's casket will be taken to washington national cathedral for a formal funeral, and it will pause at the vietnam memorial along the way. 
irwin golden, the deputy medical examiner who examined nicole brown simpson and ron goldman's bodies. 
? thursday is a wall street milestone, the bull market that began on march 9, 2009, turns 8 years old, making it the second - longest such run in history. 
crystal mason, who is black, was sentenced to five years in prison for casting a ballot in tarrant county, texas, in 2016 while being a felon under supervision. 
terri lynn rote, who is white, was sentenced to two years ? probation and a $ 750 fine for trying to vote for president trump twice in iowa. 
we have a very special relationship, in fact i'll get that little piece of dandruff off, trump said while learning over to brush something off macron's suit. 
meanwhile, the ap reports that in the league's first statement since nike announced the ad campaign, an nfl exec says the social justice issues raised by kaepernick and other players deserve our attention and action and that the league supports players promoting meaningful, positive change in our communities. 
? a female employee of canada's largest oil and gas company was killed by a black bear at a work site in northern alberta, reports the cbc. 
? in a sign of just how frustrated some in the gop are with special counsel robert mueller after indictment week, three house republicans introduced a measure friday that would pressure mueller to step down. 
another activist tells reuters that agarwal's death has shut one of the leading voices of criticism of the government on the ganga pollution. 
finding several gunshot sea otters at the same general location during such a short time frame is very unusual, says a fish and wildlife service rep. 
if it wasn't for him answering our prayers and todd talking to us, i don't know that we'd ever solve that case, said local sheriff chuck wright, via the ap. 
law enforcement is continuing to search the property, says wright, who adds, this is one of the biggest crime scenes i've been involved in. 
the bosses were held overnight at the plant and refused offers of mattresses and blankets, the ap reports. 
things were sometimes animated, sometimes calm, but without any meanness, one captive plant manager told reporters, while the other said he would not give any statements under duress. 
? a study published in the archives of sexual behavior found men with beards ? or any other type of facial hair ? were more likely to hold sexist attitudes. 
the booklet titled mother and child care tells the women to detach themselves from desire, anger, attachment, hatred and lust, spurn impure thoughts, look at beautiful pictures to benefit their fetus, and avoid meat and eggs, per the ap and hindustan times. 
since women are typically the last to eat and receive medical care in indian households, the government should be ensuring that poor pregnant women get to eat a nutritious, high - protein diet, says gynecologist arun gadre. 
ten chemicals that may be hazardous to our health were found in over 90 % of indoor dust samples taken for a study published in the environmental science & amp. 
we think our homes are safe havens, but ? the surprising reality ( is ) that our homes are being polluted by the products we have every day, co - author veena singla tells cbs news. 
aaliyah, the singer died in a plane crash before her last movie, queen of the damned, was released. 
the county is installing 40 hand - washing stations where homeless people congregate and is making some public restrooms available 24 hours a day. 
these sites are extremely dangerous, and this one must be taken down immediately, said the former chairman of britain's homeland security. 
dave brown heard that his basic training buddy roger watson had been wounded in vietnam, which was true ? watson lost a kidney and suffered other organ damage after being shot early in his tour in 1968, the detroit free press reports. 
she was also intrigued by the purple heart license plate on his car, and 9th infantry vietnam veterans cap in his car's rear window. 
in her statement, daniels alleges that avenatti filed a defamation suit against president trump in her name but against her wishes. 
) if he filed the case with her name when it was clear that she told him not to, then he could be sued for that, new york university law school prof stephen gillers tells the db. 
tova gerson used the $ 5 coupon to buy more than $ 100 worth of merchandise from century 21, then returned one item. 
i would ask them to stop using the hudson name, he says in what the daily mail calls a searingly raw interview. 
? the subjects have higher libidos, or sexual desire, but not necessarily a clinical medical problem. 
let me just say i have been on television continuously for over 50 years, walters said on the view today, adding that she is perfectly healthy and this is her decision and she's very happy with it. 
' and that he would come up shortly and that he loved me, crystal matrau - belt, 24, tells abc news. 
the chief says smith had a gun that he didn't drop when he was ordered to and, per body camera footage, the individual did turn toward the officer with the firearm in his hand. 
battle first rose to national fame on the x factor reality show in 2011. 
simone was an exceptional young talent and human being, and we are all devastated to learn of her passing, ? said a joint statement from rca records and two other music companies. 
hillmann, 35, spent 36 hours in the hospital but vowed to run with the bulls again on monday. 
kilauea is surrounded by hawaii volcanoes national park, which closed thursday night until further notice. 
chapman, who shot lennon in new york city in 1980, is up again for parole in about two years. 
gentili was interviewed by the fbi, which didn't confirm the call came from mateen, but news 13 says the number matched the shooter's phone. 
if the bullet grazes the tip of one of the brain lobes, the victim has the greatest chance for survival, and a bullet through one hemisphere still offers a reasonable chance. 
a customer saw her put the bottles inside the case and told a store employee, who followed behbehanian out of the store and jotted down her license plate. 
