? when the man saw that the ( animal ) was getting closer to him, he got up and tried to move away, ? says the los angeles county sheriff's department. 
the gendarme left the dolls from two jewish sisters about to be deported to auschwitz, and gave them to the ground by a shopkeeper crouched. 
the teacher, who carefully preserved the dolls, left the dolls ? one pink and the other blue ? lying in the street, where a shopkeeper picked them to mrs gilles'grandmother. 
although this is standard at a dog show, parents'problem was with the way max was told to deal with the uncomfortable handling, writes max botkin. 
the company takes these matters very seriously and remains committed to providing quality entertainment for the intended audiences based on the film ? s rating, the ap reports. 
in order to crack the case of a kidnapped panda by infiltrating a dog show, according to a film synopsis. 
seth rogen tweeted about the fake film that showed up in quentin tarantino's inglourious basterds. 
but if you're on the roof of your home defending it from invaders who've come 7k miles, you are not a sniper, u are brave, u are a neighbor, writes michael moore at the times. 
? american sniper star bradley cooper tells fox news that jane fonda, jane seymour fonda, was killed last year at a shooting range in texas. 
the real housewives of beverly hills will be postponed due to the second season of the real housewives of beverly hills, reports the ap. 
overall, children with the highest levels of metabolites in their urine were three times more likely to have abnormal behavior than those with lower levels. 
the white house says president obama should substitute the bill with a democratic alternative that would only allow insurers and state insurance commissioners. 
we will provide resources to help anyone and everyone effected, rick snyder said to the flint home. 
jessica ? s statement is highly inconsistent with the facts we have gathered, ? chief detective krishna murti says. 
? a massachusetts state police helicopter spotted the body of a missing teen floating in the merrimack river in tyngsboro. 
jacob was a sweet boy with a great heart, ? goulet's father, lauren comeau, tells the globe. 
at the next approximately 100 billion years, the stars become not only unobservable, but entirely inaccessible, thus limiting how much energy could one day be extracted from them, hooper wrote in the paper. 
indeed, 24 % say that a supreme being guided the evolution of living things for the purpose of creating humans and other life in the form it exists today. 
abd el aty's sister, eman ahmed abd el aty, says she hasn't been able to leave home for 25 years. 
i'm hopeful that i will be able to help her, i won't say i'm confident because i think that would be an exaggeration, says abd el aty, who is 1, 100 pounds. 
the two eagles balloon is set to land in mexico after weather conditions hit the flight plan saturday, reports the bbc. 
the tomb is believed to be a 6, 000 years old, from the area's ancient settlers, reports npr. 
when parks and rec workers saw the granite slabs, they thought they were part of a park bench that needed repair, and topped it with a picnic table. 
we'll remember the moon colony thing, a comedy central tweeted on comedy central's indecision website. 
? a man suspected of killing one of george bush's doctors may have been seeking revenge for his mother, who died on the doctor's operating table, the ap reports. 
joseph james pappas, 62, should be considered armed, dangerous, and possibly suicidal, houston police chief art acevedo said at a news conference. 
pappas is white and very fit, and he's likely getting around on his 10 - speed bicycle, which he rides extensively and almost exclusively, according to state records. 
one promising idea is enabling existing large aircraft, with minimal modification, to become'aircraft carriers in the sky, says the manager of the defense advanced research projects agency. 
dewhurst are willing to ? put women in harm ? s way in order to step up on the political ladder, ? she said. 
? two police officers were shot outside the police department there early thursday, and released thursday, reports the ap. 
this was not someone trying to bring healing to ferguson, this was a damn punk who was trying to sow discord, says the attorney general. 
watts, who went on dates with a mistress in colorado, investigators tell the weld county district attorney. 
60 % of mammals on earth are livestock, mostly cattle and pigs, 36 % are human, and 4 % are wild animals, per bloomberg. 
he's gonna look a lot like your granddad that wears flannel shirts and funny hats, he told pete seeger at a madison square garden concert. 
it repeatedly bit at both of his legs and caused serious wounds on both the right and left side, says a rep for the national sea rescue institute. 
penalizing pay secrecy is an important step that sends a strong message, says the national women's law center. 
the sony atv catalog is part of the sony atv catalog, which holds sony's music on notice. 
furthermore, business investment has actually recovered fairly strongly since the official recession ended. 
the feds declined to prosecute christie and put two of his former cronies on trial ? pleaded guilty to his role in the scandal. 
this is a dishonorable complaint filed by a known serial complainant and political activist with a history of abusing the judicial system, and reiterating the governor's denial of knowledge before or during the closure, says christie, who said the governor would appeal the ruling. 
in court documents, a friend of the first wife said michael jace threatened to kill her if they went to war. 
clement, who is representing house republican leaders who are defending doma do not have proper standing to defend the law, the ap reports. 
mr doreen luckie and ms doreen luckie, 91, were married on saturday, the afp reports. 
lee, who has an inoperable brain tumor, was diagnosed with brain cancer and was diagnosed for the new york city marathon. 
one in 20 children younger than 6 years old in the us experienced homelessness, according to a report from the us administration for children and families. 
whatever one ? s definition of marriage, legally recognizing gay and lesbian couples and their children is a victory for basic fairness, blankenhorn wrote in the letter. 
he has thrown marriage under the bus for the sake of the homosexual movement, says the senior fellow fellow policy studies. 
those who want to reestablish the cultural centrality of marriage, in contrast, won ? t have concrete victories to celebrate, he writes. 
works of such immense import that each of the four locks had separate keys held with four different individuals, all of whom had to be present for the door to be opened, the head of the library, which was founded in 859. 
rowland, 37, knew mccluskey had ended her relationship with rowland on oct. 
if his lips were moving, he was lying, brophy said of rowland, who said he was attracted to teenage girls and vulnerable women. 
rowland obtained the gun from an acquaintance, whom he told police wanted to learn how to shoot the shooting, and is cooperating with police. 
rowland was picked up by a woman he met online and shot her into a car he had driven to campus. 
we're working closely with noaa to analyze samples, cotrell said in a joint media teleconference. 
22 - year - old andy lopez was walking and holding a toy ak - 47 rifle in sonoma county on oct. 
there is a 50 % chance that jack wandered off into the wilderness and attempted to survive, he wrote in a visit to colorado in july. 
trump made the rally with the former arizona sheriff, joe arpaio, was his backhand way of doing what he wanted to do at the front end, says a former white house counsel. 
we knew the president wanted to do this for some time now and had worked to prepare for whenever the moment may come, says a white house official. 
this is just another vivid demonstration of how far removed from an appropriate exercise of the pardon power this was, says a former white house counsel. 
the light from the quasar is like a flashlight beam, and in this case we were lucky that the flashlight is pointing toward the nebula and making the gas glow, says a researcher at the paper. 
jessica raubenolt, 24, was pushing her daughter lillia in a stroller across the street when a ford mustang slammed into them, according to police. 
cameron herrin, 18, and barrineau, 17, and cameron raubenolt, 18, was pushing her daughter lillia in a stroller across the street by a ford mustang. 
the biggest tragedy is that more people didn ? t know her, says reisinger, who lives a quarter - mile from the scene. 
a local security official fired in the air after the verbal exchange heated up, according to a provincial police chief. 
more recently, saudi arabia has been a target of islamic state attacks that have killed dozens of people. 
i can't wait that long, he told the affidavit, yeah, i'm going to be on vacation right here in massachusetts. 
the trucks can lose their electronically controlled power steering momentarily before it suddenly comes back on, causing the driver to have difficulty steering, according to the national highway traffic safety administration. 
the google hacking was part of a coordinated campaign of computer sabotage carried out by government operatives, private security experts, and internet outlaws recruited by the chinese government. 
the italian prime minister silvio berlusconi's relationship with russian counterpart vladimir putin, the guardian reports. 
the mayor's office says the pilot and copilot of the plane died in the crash, the ap reports. 
greg gershman, a former presidential innovation fellow, is a developer and entrepreneur with experience running agile development teams and creating better user experiences. 
most of us want to see our government operating efficiently and effectively, and it is incumbent upon us to help them do that, says ceo larry ellison. 
the sign, white letters with black letters, read, check point ahead. 
yesterday was bill's birthday and my gift to bill is a bucket of cold water, bush called on clinton to get wet, saying, now it's my privilege to challenge my friend bill clinton to the als challenge. 
? a video released by mexican media outlets have released videos to show a soldier executing a civilian lying face down in the street, reports the ap. 
a soldier pushes a third man from around the back to the front of the car and out of the frame and appears to shoot him in the back of the head. 
the company claims to have killed 96 % of the mosquitoes around the city of mandacaru to produce offspring that will all die before they can reproduce. 
muller pleaded guilty to the kidnapping and is serving a 40 - year prison term. 
boxing benefited from muhammad ali's talents, but not nearly as much as mankind benefited from his humanity, eight - weight world champion manny pacquiao says. 
strasbourg's well - known market is set up around the city's cathedral during the christmas season. 
comey knows nothing about the content of these emails, tim kaine said in an interview with abc's this week. 
mike pence says donald trump has made it clear we'll have the resources we need. 
no reports were made on the missing couple until the couple was scheduled to turn up, reports the tribune. 
26, texas, sanco and donna grant of fort worth, texas, took off from fort pierce, florida, and never made it to another island. 
we ? re trying to remain hopeful, but we ? re also realistic, ? lee - ann burger, sanco ? s neice, tells people. 
at one time, ppis were thought to be safe, without major side effects, says study co - author and director of the houston methodist research institute center for cardiovascular regeneration in texas. 
edward snowden, who also sent the letter to the us attorney general and loretta lynch, saying the former cia director as an example of the kind of official leniency that has so far eluded snowden. 
the reference to the former cia director is being actively considered by president - elect donald trump to become us secretary of state. 
? russia has proposed a march 1 ceasefire in syria, but washington believes moscow is giving itself and the syrian government three weeks to try to crush moderate rebel groups, the ap reports. 
the talk of new ceasefire plans comes as the us, russia and more than a dozen other countries meet in munich to try to halt five years of civil war in the arab country, the ap reports. 
e - cigarettes may be recruiting a new group of kids to tobacco use, says study author jessica barrington - trimis. 
based on information about conditions on the ground, we have made a decision to conclude the cattle gather because of our serious concern about the safety of employees and members of the public, says bureau of land management chief neil kornze. 
bundy, who's in his 60s, says bundy owed about $ 1 million in back fees because his cattle grazed on federal land. 
in each of the situations, the athlete has done everything right in adhering to the global rules for obtaining permission to use a needed medication, says us anti - doping agency chief travis tygart. 
christie also features two of trump's former republican primary competitors, ben carson and chris christie. 
all 54 bodies have been recovered and will be taken to jayapura, the capital of papua province, so they can be identified, says the chief of the national search and rescue agency. 
apple has managed to keep even better battery life, but without that power hog, you'll probably get even an edge over other tablets. 
north korea must mass - produce nuclear warheads and ballistic missiles and speed up their deployment, and these weapons will be used only if our security is threatened. 
north korea's participation in the winter games will be a good opportunity to show unity of the people and we wish the games will be a success, says the president of the pyongyang. 
kim jong un, who was speaking at the sidelines of new year's eve celebrations in florida, told reporters to respond to kim's latest threats. 
missile launchers and other equipment needed to set up a controversial missile defense system, the ap reports. 
china responded quickly, saying it will take necessary measures to protect itself and warning that the us and south korea should be prepared to bear the consequences. 
? president trump on wednesday praised retiring justice kennedy's retirement over the gop's senate majority. 
heidi will vote no to any pick we make for the supreme court, president trump said in north dakota. 
angel gonzalez, who was exonerated monday of a 1994 rape and abduction in waukegan, was cleared of property damage charges, reports the chicago tribune. 
ruslan boshirov, a highly decorated gru officer, has served in chechnya and ukraine and was made a hero of the russian federation. 
burke also testified that castro would occasionally pay his victims after raping them, but he would require them to pay him if they wanted something special from the store. 
castro was fined $ 100, 000 in the period of his victims ? all of whom were well - known to his victims. 
hunter, who is over the age of 40, is seeking unspecified damages, and hunter says his gender and age kept him from getting on - air weather jobs at cbs stations kcbs and kcal. 
whisky expert jim murray says the yamazaki single malt sherry cask as a single malt which no scotch can at the moment get anywhere near. 
lois's popular 1993 novel, the giver, was a trendsetter in the juvenile dystopia genre, but if their data - transmitting encounters eventually prove to be benign, they're also banal. 
i know they suffered, and that's the part that, to this day, i still get sad about, says jennifer meyers, whose dog buddy was among the six that died, tells ctv news. 
even at its most wrenchingly painful, the film readily delivers generous dollops of pleasure, he writes, and even at its most wrenchingly painful, the same good taste, modest cool factor, and shameless tear - jerking. 
reed told police that he was holding his rifle outside the recruitment center when someone asked if he could take a look at it. 
watts's false representations improperly inflated the value of potential claims against the seafood compensation program and resulted in an overblown $ 2. 
? we are throwing everything we have at it, the task goes on, ? prime minister tony abbott said. 
al gore's ex - veep and the comedian's ex - veep have been involved for two years, reports star tomorrow. 
eric lopez, a kindergartner at ashton ranch elementary school, pulled down his pants down on the playground, exposing himself, not out of sexual intent. 
first, hillary clinton is the biggest investment in new jobs since world war ii, trump said in a statement, per usa today. 
kabealo says she had unbuckled her seatbelt and tried to go up for air, then just kept floating up out, and her mother, sister, and brother. 
? coca - cola is back to ask powerade to do the same thing, the ap reports. 
if the rangers had the right equipment, this lion would not have died, says resident jason parantai. 
we wouldn ? t throw out hundreds of liters of human fat if it were worth $ 15, 000 a liter, says julio castro, the top investigator. 
lake mary police chief steve bracknell says the man, 35 - year - old matthew apperson of winter springs, was driving his honda accord on lake mary boulevard, made a u - turn and headed down his window. 
apperson called police again to report that he believed zimmerman had followed him and was watching his movements, but the truck was gone. 
i don ? t think we ? re at that level, says michael busch, an experimental pathologist who co - directs the blood systems research institute in san francisco. 
4 million from yahoo, the wall street journal reports. 
messitte, who did not make any rulings on the allegations, filed an argument made by critics of the lawsuit, which accused trump of taking illegal gifts from foreign governments through his family's business. 
morsi was defiant in the face of such dissent, morsi said in an interview published sunday in the guardian. 
? there is nothing about this skinhead lesbian that impresses me and there is nothing that she has to say unless you ? re a frothing at the mouth moonbat, ? leslie gibson told the press herald. 
san francisco city supervisor aaron peskin says the failed window was supposed to withstand hurricane force winds and would rain shards of glass hundreds of feet below. 
supervisor aaron peskin, who sent an email to all the owners saying they thought this crack was related to the ongoing problems with the building ? i. 
we use water from the arkansas river taken upstream from where fountain creek flows in, ? fanning says. 
the two men united for the groundbreaking of the bush presidential library, which was a rare public appearance since his long hospital stay for heart trouble. 
trying to take non - divers through a cave is one of the most dangerous situations possible, even if the dives are relatively easy, national cave rescue commission coordinator says. 
a total of 52 students and 11 high schools were taking part in a three - day mountaineering expedition near the nasu onsen resort, when the incident happened. 
the avalanche occurred on the upper part of the slope, but the avalanche struck ski slopes in japan. 
the new gadget is made from a polymer, with a metal layer called electron beam evaporation and forced the magnetic field toward a reference point. 
lucas is no longer alive and has been displayed by a look alike, he writes in a press release. 
then we see a close - up of cain turning to the camera and very slowly breaking into a smile, herman cain writes in a press release. 
police in oklahoma and california arrested the suspects of valerie janice lane, 12, and doris karen derryberry, 13, who had been collected from a shopping mall in nearby linda. 
one of our investigators had a bit of free time and really looked very closely at this case and identified that we should send some things off and see what it might yield for us, says yuba county investigators. 
patterson, who was convicted of rape in 1976, was wanted for failing to register as a sex offender and was hiding from law enforcement for that reason, says cousins larry don patterson. 
the federal protective service, the federal protective service, was placed on administrative duties in march after a protective order was issued against him. 
china has released hundreds of high - resolution photos taken by the chang'e - 3 lunar lander and rover, showing the moon's surface in vivid detail. 
the flare, which interact with molecules of atmospheric gases to cause the auroral mass ejection. 
my senior colleague, justice john paul stevens, stepped down when he was 90, so think i have about at least five more years, the guardian reports. 
he took the money, deposited it into his own account, never put it in an escrow account, and then spent the money on cars, living expenses, and purchasing a home for his ex - wife's ex - wife. 
dimaggio, who never set up the escrow account and used the money to a bank account in the name of his company, dimagic entertainment, inc. 
2 million summary judgment in bankruptcy court, according to the ap. 
andrew gillum won the democratic primary for the governor's mansion, the ap reports. 
? relatives of california highway patrol officer mark saylor, his wife, daughter, and brother - in - law for product liability and negligence. 
the store will get $ 50, 000 for selling the winning ticket, which won a $ 1 million prize, which was purchased at 2, 30pm. 
the researchers also found 13 cases of different simian viruses jumping from chimpanzees, gorillas, and monkeys. 
various studies have found that the number of forcible sex crimes on campus, from 52 % of sexual assaults. 
the nuclear - armed north will have no dealings with the lee myung - bak group of traitors forever, the statement said in an english - language kcna report. 
after a thorough review, it became clear we had built clubs in some locations that impacted other clubs, and where population had not grown for the future, says sam's club ceo john furner. 
in response, brewdog co - founders james watt and martin dickie were legally changing their names to elvis to show that presley wasn't the only elvis out there. 
? amazon has more than 18 years, according to harris's list, scoring 17. 
executive ? a former news of the world editor ? could end up being convicted on criminal charges. 
luther strange, who was appointed to the president of the united states, is the beneficiary of a multimillion - dollar campaign from mitch mcconnell, the senate majority leader. 
twice - elected, twice - deposed chief justice of the alabama supreme court chief justice roy moore, the conservative republican. 
physicians have overestimated the benefit and underestimated the risks associated with the use of dopamine receptor agonist drugs in patients with parkinson disease, researchers write in jama internal medicine. 
the 22 - year - old actress and canadian hockey player mike comrie, 29, married nhl hockey player mike comrie. 
a police prosecutor says officers found images of women being strangled and decapitated on the hard drive on peter madsen's computer. 
wall, a 30 - year - old freelance journalist who was researching a story on madsen, died accidentally, saying she was hit by a heavy hatch cover on his uc3 nautilus submarine. 
however, mahbod moghadam, one of my co - founders, annotated the piece with annotations that not only didn ? t attempt to enhance anyone ? s understanding of the text, but went beyond that into gleeful insensitivity and misogyny,
the bill would convert medicaid recipients from getting coverage at planned parenthood clinics coverage. 
ted cruz, ron johnson, and rand paul, who also reported the law, tells the washington post and politico, we are not ready to vote for this bill, but we are open to negotiation and obtaining more information before it is brought to the floor. 
as the release of the senate health care bill, people in wheelchair - bound or wearing medical devices were dragged down by police. 
senate majority leader mitch mcconnell of kentucky briefed the white house staff on the bill's details on next week. 
havard melvaer was in his office aboard the huge supply ship when he stepped outside for fresh air and spotted the 19 - foot - long boat, havard melvaer says in an interview with the palm beach post. 
? a fugitive fugitive who had been evading capture since 2013 was arrested over the weekend after he flagged down a louisiana deputy for a ride. 
i was upset because the political consultants and staff were talking about voter suppression and keeping blacks from voting, says greer, who released the deposition, according to the tampa bay times. 
? the vast majority of us postal service office of inspector general interviewed block and then he decided to resign, ? said a us postal service, office of inspector general who provided the following statement, ? the vast majority of u postal service office of inspector general interviewed block and then he decided to resign. 
first there was a strong vertical shake, then sideways, naha city official seiboku sueyoshi says. 
i joined, more than anything, so that i could maybe help someone else, says a military member. 
chesna, a six - year - old iraq and afghanistan war veteran, was trying to locate the driver of the vehicle, and 77 - year - old vera adams, who was shot after the suspect allegedly vandalizing a home. 
chesna fell to the ground, and lopes took the officer ? s gun and repeatedly shot him in the head and chest, says morrissey, who spotted lopes allegedly vandalizing a home. 
the unconscious brains of the dreamers try to make sense, and even make use of, the external stimuli, says lead researcher kai - ching yu. 
the two men had been living and working together at russia's bellingshausen station on king george island, near the southern coast of argentina. 
he was the best advertisement for gun control you could wish for, morgan tells politico. 
? i didn ? t know until a couple of days ago when i heard about this. 
? stephen king of children's literature is writing live on twitter, i announced that he will be writing a new scary story on twitter. 
anonymous and others are already collected lists of twitter accounts and distributed denial - of - service attacks that basically overload servers with tons of requests, and the group claims to have already taken down sites and channels that terrorist supporters might be using to communicate law enforcement. 
the first was a june 2010 speech in the united arab emirates for novo nordisk, a global health care company. 
the boy, who is visiting from georgia, was in chest - deep water when he was bitten on the calf and suffered minor lacerations. 
? jacqueline gomez was excited for prom, showing her friends her dress, asking advice on how to do her nails and getting ready for a night of celebration. 
i told her right before left - she left early - i told her,'come here,'jackie, gonzalez said in her friend's ear. 
police got a frantic call from a teenage boy, who called 911 and told dispatchers gomez wasn't breathing. 
for many, this was just teenage love, for some, the love of their lives, says solberg, who said wednesday that their treatment was undignified treatment. 
villavicencio's wife, who is an american citizen, has a pending green card application in february, per the ap. 
andrew cuomo wrote two letters to high - ranking officials calling for an investigation into ice and for villavicencio. 
the pattern of conduct demonstrated by ice agents shows reckless contempt for the constitution and runs counter to the agency's stated mission as well as federal and state law, says the new york times. 
two entities had custody of kendrick johnson's body, and the georgia bureau of investigation, which conducted the first autopsy in january, was placed in plastic bag, which is then put back into the body cavity after an autopsy. 
mesh panels showed off her cleavage as well as the tops of her thighs, ariel winter has got it and she isn't afraid to flaunt it, usa today notes. 
he likes to engage with readers, but there's so much interest it's hard for him to interact well, says murakami, the publisher. 
cummings is the top democrat on the house oversight and government reform committee, and waxman is the top democrat on the house energy and commerce committee. 
the suspect told the officers give me 15 minutes to gather my thoughts or i'll kill her, reno deputy police chief tom robinson tells the san francisco chronicle. 
the movie is a showcase vehicle for a new generation of music, the dark side of fame, and a young church choirgirl with a dream. 
supreme court justice justice antonin scalia was found dead in west texas ranch on a luxury resort in marfa, texas. 
he was nominated in 1986 by president ronald reagan and is the longest - serving member on the court, the ap reports. 
we mourn his passing, and we pray that his successor on the supreme court will take his place as a champion for the written constitution and the rule of law, said supreme court justice antonin scalia. 
a supreme court justice said scalia went to bed friday night and told friends he wasn't feeling well. 
? a teenager fell from a stopped gondola ride at an upstate new york amusement park saturday night when she hit the victim. 
mccarthy says he's been humiliated since duggar's boy toy and dj duggar. 
she assumed this position last august thanks to her good connections and network and has no official responsibilities, the official says. 
the hearing contains the evidentiary hearing in an evidentiary hearing on may 16, 2013, four concurrent sentences for use of a deadly weapon. 
we found organic soil that has been frozen to the bottom of the ice sheet for 2, and the soil born before humans ever walked on earth. 
girls sacrifice important opportunities to learn, grow, and just enjoy their childhood, says principal gender advisor anju malhotra. 
from the early'60s to today, decade after decade, bob dylan, winner of the nobel prize in literature, has filled our heads with language that both interprets and transforms the realities we confront, says jay parini, a poet and novelist at middlebury college. 
however, a new tumor popped up on her spleen, which spread to her ovaries and into the lining of her stomach. 
elizabeth esty, a # metoo movement, says she won't seek re - election instead of a sexual harassment case involving her former chief of staff. 
my sister jennifer ? brings an exceptional dedication to her job, her family, and her community, and has been a role model of mine for many, many years, ? said an 45 - year - old star anchor. 
the alligator were feeding at least one of two alligators, according to the emails, who were warned to stop feeding the reptiles at one of the resort's grand floridian and less than a mile from grand floridian way. 
the district administrator for reedy creek says there were reminding ? guys and gals, we know this isn't right, so just don't. 
ivanov bought the gun with a magazine on the cabela's store in marysville, calif. 
? i think it speaks volumes to his youth and inexperience and highlights the lethality of the weapon involved, ? leary said. 
the injustice and anger behind it all feels like current reality, even a half - century on, making detroit urgent viewing regardless of its character - development flaws. 
kim's birthday, and the third generation of the kim dynasty may have been born in 1982, 1983, or 1984. 
? this is such a radical change in thought that it ? s been hard for many people to get their heads around it, ? a winship professor at emory university tells usa today. 
a guest, gregoire, announced on the microphone that a child had disappeared, le parisien reports. 
a belgian prosecutor has identified two of the attackers who targeted the brussels airport and subway as brothers ibrahim and khalid el bakraoui. 
alien, covenant, breaks new ground even while revisiting old concepts, including the face - hugger, the chest - burster, and the canoe - headed xenomorph. 
over the past three decades, azima has been tied to the iran - contra affair, dealt weapons to persian gulf and balkan nations, and worked his ample connections in washington, the ap reports. 
? but look, canada was not merely standing around watching events take place, ? including canada's courageous support for its neighbour. 
jones told british intelligence that jones was thought to have been killed by a predator drone strike, the sun reports. 
karlie learned many lessons through those personal struggles that reshaped her life and values, she said in a statement to abc news. 
charlie rogers, a former basketball player for the university of nebraska, tells police that the men entered her home on july 22, stripped her, and carved homophobic slurs. 
police say the physical evidence conflicted with charlie rogers'version of events, and the police department said tuesday that the physical evidence revealed rogers'original statements. 
biohacking is taking control of the environment around you so you have control of your biology, says dave asprey's creator. 
federal officials are becoming increasingly concerned about the possibility that hackers, particularly those working for russia or another country, could breach us elections systems and wreak havoc on the november presidential election. 
the eu announced in 2013 that it was investigating apple's irish arrangement, the government refused that firms incorporated there could no longer be stateless for tax. 
without more information, the state lacks proof that this incident even occurred in the state of texas, the dafo said in a press release. 
? he came at us for no reason and that ? s when chad walked up and i started recording, ? butterfield said in an interview with buzzfeed. 
i used a poor choice of words to express what i know first - hand - raising young children and working is tough ? millions of women do just that every day, including my own daughters. 
more than 60 % of the insects that watched bees knew to pull the string when it was their turn, researchers say. 
one of the oldest names in the hollywood talent, entertainment and media companies, and silver lake, a global leader in technology investing. 
? this is real, and it ? s scary stuff, and it ? s sad what is happening to people here, ? kassig tells time magazine. 
this terrorist attack happened only a week after the meeting between the us president and the backward leaders who support terrorists, says reuters. 
the sec says mickelson made a profit of $ 931, 000 when buying 240, 000 shares, reports the ap. 
the sec says walters called mickelson, who owed walters using the dean foods money. 
this has never happened before in our state, says a colorado parks and wildlife spokeswoman. 
the paleo way for new mums, babies, and toddlers, the paleo way for new mums, babies up to six months of age, is called the baby building broth. 
cox's figure will be unveiled on june 26 at a press conference ahead of pride. 
sharon stone's former nanny is suing her, claiming the basic instinct actress used racially derogatory comments, the los angeles times reports. 
? a person of interest has been taken into custody after a 17 - year - old girl was shot dead at a high school yesterday, police say. 
authorities say zipes rubbed his pistol and taser together in the direction of a convenience store in front of a police trainee. 
man haron monis, who was granted asylum in 2001 and was charged for violent offences, including drug healer, was on bail for a string of aggravated sexual assault and aggravated indecent assault. 
he was sentenced to 300 hours of community service and placed on a good behaviour bond for the offensive and deplorable letters, the bbc reports. 
as recently as last week, shia leaders had urged federal police to probe his claim to be a leading cleric, while he was ignored by the militant group islamic state. 
under the old rule change, dealers who exceed a certain number of sales each year would be required to obtain a license from the bureau of alcohol, tobacco, firearms, and explosives. 
the proposed rule change would clarify what it means to be engaged in the business ? of selling firearms. 
the final gop - authored house benghazi report released tuesday that, after spending more than two years and $ 7 million in taxpayer funds in one of the longest and most partisan congressional investigations in history, it is long past time for the select committee to conclude its work. 
clinton is extremely well - known, but her favorability ratings are only break - even, in fact, that it ? s almost as if voters are dispensing with all the formalities and evaluating her as they might when she ? s on the ballot next november, she writes. 
? he ? s my favourite person to be around and makes me laugh harder than anybody, ? he said. 
something in the person's face is relaying greater - than - trace amounts of contempt, but they don't intend that to be the case, says the co - author of the study from the study. 
gabrielle lee loughner's home is outside, and a row of ceremonial candles and a bag of potting soil filled with shriveled oranges. 
in february 2014, pham had accused two men claiming huong pham sent them ? looking for me & amp. 
the judge asked the parents'lawyer to come up with an eviction order that greenwood would sign, and had family members don't get special treatment. 
michael rotondo, who runs a website business, moved back home eight years ago after losing a job, and said he would appeal the decision. 
jamie koe also issued a statement apologising on behalf of the team, reports the bbc. 
syracuse, medical emergency, captain is incapacitated, request handling for runway, according to an audio recording by air traffic control. 
the incident occurred about four hours into flight 550, when the co - pilot took over and diverted to land in syracuse. 
saratov airlines flight 6w703 disappeared from domodedovo airport en route to orsk, a city some 1, 500 kilometers southeast of moscow. 
one person was killed and two people escaped after the attacks, the prosecutor says. 
most of the paris attackers died that night, including abdeslam's brother brahim, who blew himself up. 
we got him, referring to 26 - year - old salah abdeslam, the ap reports. 
? a baby girl born with her heart outside her body in leicester, the first in the uk to move her heart back inside her chest, reports the bbc. 
an authorized operator of the @ deptofdefense's official twitter site erroneously retweeted content that would not be endorsed by the department of defense. 
the department of defense says retweet happened erroneously, and included content that would not be endorsed by the department of defense. 
sometimes i have patients who say,'i want every single spot gone, and i want it gone by this week or i want it gone tomorrow, ? because that ? s what this filtered photograph gave them, ? a boston university school professor tells the washington post. 
this is an alarming trend because those filtered selfies often present an unattainable look and are blurring the line of reality and fantasy for these patients, ? says one boston university researchers. 
kenneth maier, 57, was standing in the driveway of his home at the time of his friend, kenneth maier, who was murdered by a fema contractor. 
we're kind of the last responders, says the medical examiner's job of the medical examiner. 
having some fun with a cult classic like ? the princess bride ? should be something we can all get behind, politics aside, ? a cruz campaign spokeswoman tells usa today. 
he sings a lot of al green, marvin gaye, a little stevie ( wonder ), he told the daily mail. 
? rapper kevin gates was sentenced to 180 days in jail for battery after being found kicking a fan at a concert in lakeland in a polk county jail. 
police have released aerial footage of two officers and a police helicopter will be made publicly available within a week, reports the san francisco chronicle. 
police and paramedics were called to ceva logistics at around 11am tuesday when employees discovered blood on the wall and the floor in a bathroom stall. 
the baby was found in a bag in a desk under her desk, according to fox 2. 
great hearts was made aware that one of our teachers at the monte vista north campus assigned homework that was very inappropriate and entirely inconsistent with great hearts philosophy and culture. 
kerry says the administration will ask non - lethal assistance to the free syrian army ? in the syrian opposition council. 
the ruling could allow trump of taking illegal gifts from foreign governments through his family's business, the ap reports. 
messitte, who notes that foreign governments have moved business from the four seasons and ritz carlton hotels in washington to the president's hotel. 
two men and a woman in his 50s from outside the devon and cornwall area were airlifted to hospital, the bbc reports. 
zeppos says the university is renaming an 83 - year - old confederate memorial hall to remove the symbol and a reminder of racism, slavery, and a very, very bloody civil war. 
snow ? s outsider ? street cred than association with corporate consumerism ? of which mcdonald ? s and its marketing are the epitome, ? says the lawsuit accuses. 
the lawsuit claims snow's family asked mcdonald's in june 2016 that the fast food chain has arrogantly refused to comply. 
doctors then used a needle to insert a balloon through the upper chambers of sebastian's uterus and into the womb. 
you have to go bud, you ? ve ruined too many of our white queens, the police source tells the post. 
larogue, who changed his name from joe rogan, was carrying an image of osama bin laden with an x scrawled across his face and a gun pointed at his head. 
however, a san francisco police department official tells nbc news that the incident did not appear to be a hate crime. 
i tried to negotiate less gray hair, and kehinde's artistic integrity would not allow him to do what as well, obama said. 
? here in australia, we are particularly struck by the loss of 27 australians and others who were coming here to attend the international aids conference, says lange, who also took to social media. 
the sarcophagus has been opened, but we have not been hit by a curse, says the head of egypt's supreme council for antiquities. 
we make the best espresso in the city and putting it over ice will shock it, says a popville flickr. 
a top vatican official says the sexual misconduct of now - resigned us cardinal, lending credibility to bombshell accusations of a cover - up at the highest echelons of the roman catholic church. 
mccarrick was published the letter friday from then - archbishop leonardo sandri to the rev. 
as james donovan, who defended soviet spy rudolf abel at the behest of the us ), james donovan accused soviet actor mark rylance. 
hanks, who is fine company as the deceptively bland donovan, writes mark rylance. 
eddie tipton, who filed a total of six charges against eddie tipton, including one count of racketeering, a theft by fraud charge, and four computers crimes. 
rhodes is also charged with eddie tipton and alleged accomplice robert rhodes in connection with a 2007 megabucks drawing over the 2010 hot lotto ticket. 
rhodes told investigators that he planted code in software for all of the numbers, ensuring him that one would work. 
eddie tipton also has ties to lottery winners in other states, including kansas, oklahoma, wisconsin, and oklahoma. 
? i didn ? t want there to be 21 percent unemployment, ? bush told the las vegas convention of the national automobile dealers association. 
the congresswoman is tough as nails and she will bring that same spirit to this recovery, says slaughter's chief of staff, liam fitzsimmons. 
slaughter was originally from kentucky and had a bachelor's degree in microbiology and a master's degree in public health. 
in a statement friday, nancy pelosi said in a statement that she was heartbroken, in her lifetime of public service and unwavering commitment to working families, congresswoman slaughter embodied the very best of the american spirit and ideals. 
another colleague, who worked alongside ross for 25 years, was less circumspect, he's lied to a lot of people. 
the black - footed cat has an endearingly round and a light brown, black - spotted body that is small even compared to domestic cats, says producer gavin boyland. 
if you're a gazelle or a wildebeest, a black - footed cat isn't at all deadly, says researcher alexander sliwa. 
police say multiple law enforcement agencies were working to identify the source of the heroin laced with the painkiller fentanyl. 
harmon didn't realize that a 75 - cent charge for the paper had been added to his bill, the san francisco chronicle reports. 
the lead prosecutor, joseph mcgettigan, described sandusky's behavior as banal, self - delusional, completely untethered from reality. 
pennsylvania's public employee pension system said it will revoke jerry sandusky's $ 59, 000 annual pension. 
it will facilitate more people going through checkpoints more quickly, make the system more secure, and produce a cost savings for the tsa, says jacobson, the lead author of the study. 
the governor and other state officials say the river was corroding pipes and causing lead to leach into the drinking water. 
we would like it back, and we would like this not to happen again, davis told reporters in the south china sea. 
russian president vladimir putin says moscow is ready to try to restore good relations with the united states in the wake of donald trump. 
putin says it is not our fault that russian - american relations are in such a state, putin said. 
frank - walter steinmeier says donald trump's victory means nothing is going to get easier. 
she reported the money and the police were able to track down the owner, says chp officials. 
harvey came ashore along texas's gulf coast on friday night as the most powerful hurricane to hit the us. 
the port director says three of its ships were unable to return galveston as scheduled, reports reuters. 
the national hurricane center says harvey remains a category 1 hurricane as wind speeds remain at 75mp. 
koskinen took over the agency in late 2013 after the scandal broke. 
that's why they fired him, because so many people complained, says bello, who specializes in the early detection and treatment of dementia. 
? the boy scouts of america voted last year to allow gay scouts but not openly gay scout leaders, it is no longer authorized to offer the scouting program. 
? what i would tell you is that the vice president became aware of incomplete information that he had received on feb, pence spokesperson marc lotter says. 
flynn resigned late monday, when president trump was told on january 26 that the justice department had concerns about flynn's conduct, reports the new york times. 
if i did, believe me, the fbi would be down my throat, my clearances would be pulled, flynn said in an interview with the daily caller. 
it was about the 35 guys who were thrown out, says the president of the obama administration. 
? if you haven ? t been to a phone - free show, you just don ? t know what you ? re missing, ? said yondr's founder. 
? we have never faced this before, purposeful, vindictive chaos, ? stewart said in an appearance on cbs'late show with stephen colbert. 
no one action will be adequate, all action will be necessary, and if we do not allow donald trump to exhaust our fight and somehow come out of this presidency calamity - less and constitutionally, partially intact, then i, donald j. 
archaeologists have recovered a bronze arm from an ancient shipwreck off the greek island of antikythera, which date to the 4th century bc. 
the wreck happens to be located on a slope, and may have delivered numerous rocks and boulders to the site. 
ten % of respondents admitted to having cheated on an exam, and 17 % said they had cheated on a paper or a take home assignment. 
we hope this tool will shine some light on the scale and scope of government requests for censorship and data around the globe, google's chief legal officer wrote in a blog post. 
? north korea says it's ready to deploy and start mass - producing a new medium - range missile capable of reaching japan and major bases there. 
many more'juche weapons'capable of striking the us will be launched from this land, says the north's minju joson newspaper. 
scarlett johansson is putting an end to one former scientologist's claim that she auditioned to date tom cruisefollowing his 2001 divorce from nicole kidman. 
? if you ? re going to have to swallow a frog, you don ? t want to have to look at that sucker too long. 
we have received a detailed threat of violence to harm students and staff at both high schools, according to a statement, per the ap. 
? the school district has sent 14, 000 automated phone calls to parents to inform them of the threat and cancellation. 
i regret any difficulties this creates for working parents, but safety must remain our first priority, says conrad, who said in a statement. 
? several hundred walruses have started to gather on an island off the northwest coast of alaska, reports the ap. 
no one should have to face the lingering threat of solitary confinement for reading and writing about the conditions we encounter in the world, according to a tweet from fort leavenworth prison. 
upp, a rare form of amnesia, disappeared for about two days in 2013 in maryland, but she had no memory of where she had been or what she was missing. 
the 911 call came when she was complaining about trespassers on her private property, and i have inviolability, so they should not be able to cross my property. 
curtis, who starred in spartacus and some like it hot, was eulogized by his actress daughter, jamie lee curtis and his other four children. 
we are four families bonded together by tragedy and terror, said the president of the white house. 
? we are not asking the white house to put anyone in harm ? s way, nor compromise national security, ? the families said. 
lucinda smith's family says the 43 - year - old went to see her doctor due to a fatal bout of sepsis for a mother of two from the us. 
we have a relatively young department and most the guys have children, says youngstown fire chief barry finley. 
the suspected kidnapping was only part of the alleged crime that the boy's paternal grandmother and the girlfriend of the boy's father, police say. 
mark staake, 41, and nephew tanner ruane, 23, were arrested in november, according to the new mexico times. 
? i am helping to arrange for their release in a couple of days so they will be able to return home, ? he told the washington post. 
north korea has displayed the missile, also known as a bm - 25, the kind of the missile was moved to iran. 
at night she would tie him to her own leg as they slept on the pavement so she would know if he tried to walk away. 
consecrated women have to be encouraged to speak up when they are molested, the official told the ap. 
the nun is among a handful of silence, and the catholic church has yet to come forward with the sexual abuse of religious sisters by priests and bishops. 
i find when you have firsthand knowledge of things as opposed to secondhand, it makes a much stronger impression, carson told the new york times. 
the trooper was shot and killed before a traffic stop on interstate 45 near fairfield, about 90 miles south of dallas. 
however, the trump administration is responsible for the final policy decisions contained in the executive order and its subsequent roll - out and implementation, a house judiciary committee aide said in a statement. 
two days before the attack, bouhlel driving the truck on the promenade des anglais, apparently staking it, annabell van den bergis, head of the judicial police department, tells local media. 
there were unverified reports that a philippine red cross convoy was hijacked by armed men who were shot in the neck and stomach by unknown men. 
bret michaels, the frontman of the 1980s - era metal band poison, will appear in the convention, reports the ap. 
sally adams, 75, says she lost her cell phone in the storm and had no way of contacting her family to let them know she was ok. 
but we do believe this may be the very last layer between us and interstellar space, says voyager project scientist ed stone. 
this connection allows lower - energy charged particles that originate from inside our heliosphere ? allows higher - energy particles from outside to stream. 
mayweather pleaded guilty last year to reduced domestic battery charges against an attack on his former girlfriend while two of their children watched. 
in addition to the 22 people are in critical condition, including one who were stabbed or attempted homicide, reports the ap. 
it is understood that the reason the allegations fall outside the scope of the investigation, codenamed operation weeting, but other forms of illegal intrusion, but other forms do not relate to phone hacking, but other forms of illegal intrusion, he told the house of commons yesterday. 
horia ankour, a nursing student, was taken off the plane in the southeastern city of nice after a air france employee asked whether she had an israeli passport. 
the egyptian man was held without bail on federal charges of fraudulently collecting insurance payouts and drowned from the port of los angeles. 
? an egyptian man was held without bail on federal charges of fraudulently collecting insurance payouts when he sped off a pier into the port of los angeles, the ap reports. 
not to fast - track the creation of new families when there is extended family available who want to care for the child, says the national indian child welfare association. 
camille cosby's february deposition in a defamation case filed by several women who have previously accused bill cosby of sexual assault. 
cosby's legal team tried to get the criminal charges thrown out on the grounds that he was promised immunity in the case from a former district attorney. 
however, the complainant had brought her complaint against vela six years ago and only brought her complaint against madrigal. 
i'm not a cat person, but i sure like that one, cardinals manager mike matheny tells the post. 
the county's animal care and control, who found the remains of the birds, was charged with nine counts of animal cruelty by animal care and control. 
following a period of mourning there will rightly be a discussion among leaders in the state about how south carolina should move forward, and i'm confident they will do the right thing, bush said in a statement. 
casey would never have done that had she been in her right mind, a friend tells the post. 
he offered up special praise for whitson ? american space ninja ? and wished them all godspeed, says station commander randy bresnik. 
when a call comes into the white house at 3am, a call comes into the white house at 3am, will donald trump's tiny baby hands be able to lift the phone receiver. 
the bill would make possession of alcohol punishable by up to 30 years in prison and fines of $ 1 million. 
? i don ? t know that a crime has occurred, ? officer timothy zoll tells the post. 
the city of ferguson has served as spokesman tim zoll, who has been suspended until further notice, the city said in a statement saturday. 
on christmas day, the memorial was destroyed when a vehicle plowed through it, in what was believed to be an intentional act, the post says. 
? never ever has been any discussion about the fact if this deal falls apart there will be military action, ? obama told an audience at american university. 
the argument drew a quick and angry rebuke from hillary clinton's 2002 vote to authorize force in iraq. 
he urged the deal, which are expected to vote on the deal, to worry less about being labeled weak ( and ) worry more about getting it right. 
? a 71 - year - old albuquerque veteran who collapsed in an albuquerque veteran affairs hospital cafeteria ? died after waiting 30 minutes for an ambulance. 
? our policy is under expedited review, ? va spokeswoman sonja brown says. 
each of the child victims winced and some whined at the hot glue gun application, a prosecutor says. 
phi slama jama, a dutiful account of the endearing, anti - gravitational houston cougars of the 80s ? who dunked their way to three straight fours ? a forthcoming ? 30 for 30, the university of houston's phi slama jama basketball team says. 
i truly appreciate president trump making it clear that he supports a path to citizenship for daca recipients, the white house said in a statement. 
the museum, massimiarowicz, died in 1992, was produced by david wojnarowicz, who died in 1992. 
new york are asking the high court to preserve montana's state - level regulations on corporate political expenditures, per the ap. 
the decision, which was struck down by a montana court ruling in the us supreme court, which allowed unlimited independent expenditures rarely cause corruption or the appearance. 
this young man is lucky he ended up in police custody and not in a hospital or worse, new york city transit chief andy byford told gothamist. 
islam requires every muslim who is physically and financially able to make the journey to mecca at least once in his lifetime. 
? more than 2 million muslims are attending the roof of the grand mosque in mecca, the bbc reports. 
? at least 13 people, including children, died after the boat sank on a table rock lake in branson thursday evening. 
burke and foote were charged with burglary, conspiracy to commit burglary, criminal trespass, and theft, per the ap. 
a law enforcement official says strauss - kahn was placed on a suicide watch, and a medical device to make sure he doesn't stop breathing. 
despite its central importance, there is little known about the reproducibility of research in general, a university of virginia researcher tells reporters. 
yancey, who had a 10 - vote lead in the 94th district, but the recount uncovered enough additional ballots for democrats, who also lost the governor's office. 
the balance of power in the house stands at 50 - 49 in favor of republicans until the race can be resolved, reports the ap. 
gun rights groups argued the men should not lose their right to bear arms because of misdemeanor abuse convictions. 
the court also tried to defund planned parenthood since a series of undercover videos purported to show the women's health organization profiting off the sale of tissue from abortions. 
only three conservative justices clarence thomas, samuel alito, and neil gorsuch, among others that would have served as the first major abortion test. 
the shooting occurred when officers were called to break up a fight near a homeless shelter that sits next to a shopping mall and movie theater. 
officers tried to break up the fight, but the male with the broomstick tried to attack an officer, hansen says. 
airstron employee jenise fernandez says a fuse needed to cool the ac unit popped out during hurricane irma and needs to be repaired. 
i do think that ( trump is ) beaten up in a way on cable platforms that he has a right to respond to, ? boss trump's homeland security adviser said sunday. 
conservative clerics say that the mahdi's return cannot be predicted, have accused a deviant current within the president's inner circle. 
one contest is exciting as it is, but to have two wrapped up in a two - day period is something else, says sudo, who weighs 115 pounds from turning pro. 
parker was forced to end her life months before she had intended to die, reports the guardian. 
we've all cried a lot - first in horror, but then because of the outpouring generosity and compassion, says pejay ryan, director of marketing at the broward education foundation. 
dogs are good listeners and have a unique way of knowing when people are hurting, says tim hetzner, president and ceo of the lutheran church charities. 
in the new guidelines, the cdc says male circumcision can cut a man's risk of getting hiv from an infected female partner. 
president trump's daughter, ivanka, has joined a broadway play about the 9 / 11 terrorist attacks, including the country's assistance to americans. 
clayton's death symbolizes how female soldiers are increasingly exposed to hazardous situations in training and in combat on par with their male counterparts. 
the rap group used a photograph of two lynching victims on the cover the hazy shade of criminal released in 1992. 
to me this suggested a really powerful public art installation that was trying to provoke people to make a historical connection between the history of lynching, state violence against black folks and the contemporary situation that we're faced with around police brutality and these non - indictments, says uc berkeley professor leigh raiford
i did not collude with russia, nor do i know of anyone else in the campaign who did so, a senior presidential adviser told the white house. 
it remains a thoroughly delightful throwaway ? the kind of movie for which cable tv was made, writes hugh grant. 
clinton also affirmed her proposals to giving americans in every state the choice of a public - option insurance plan, notes the huffington post. 
more funding for community health centers creates an infrastructure to care for increasing numbers of insured people and also provides resources to reach the remaining uninsured to encourage them to get covered. 
? hillary clinton on saturday announced her plan to expand the current mandatory funding for community health centers. 
it will save lives, it will ease suffering, it will improve health care in america, and it will cut health care costs, says the clinton campaign. 
donald trump's hopes of delivering a big surprise at the republican national convention are officially rained out, the washington post reports. 
tim burton's home for peculiar children landed in fourth with $ 6. 
the company told her account would be hit for the $ 250 penalty, and then when she refused to pay that fine, it was sent to collections. 
doug jones has won election to the us senate from alabama, dealing a political blow to president donald trump. 
ikea has been advised that the product was not attached to the wall, which is an integral part of the product's assembly instructions, ikea spokeswoman mona astra liss said in a statement. 
? when george talley's 1979 corvette was stolen, he thought it was gone for good. 
? i have never seen that many bees in one spot, tom moses, a ranger at the pembrokeshire coast national park tells the ap. 
? every woman ? s version of beauty is different, and if you ask us, these differences are there to be celebrated, ? dove said in a statement. 
? there ? s actually another video with a better view that is very close, ? district attorney nicholas lahood tells ksat. 
we will appeal today's verdict because we are guided by the science, which supports the safety of johnson's baby powder, says the company spokeswoman. 
a spokesperson for trump's ex - wife, ivana trump, made up the rape, business insider reports. 
slager was arrested less than an hour after the video was taken by a bystander, but his explanations were interrupted by shouts of no justice, no peace. 
the dead man's father, walter scott, looked like he was trying to kill a deer running through the woods. 
these decisions are why the corporate publishers are losing cultural relevance and why they might soon lose solvency as well, says random house's rash deal. 
throwing away food is like stealing from the table of those who are poor and hungry, he said in a statement, per reuters. 
? this is a matter under investigation and we are fully cooperating with the appropriate authorities, mount sinai officials tell the times. 
? a missouri appeals court judge was appointed monday to take over ferguson's municipal court and make needed reforms after a highly critical us high court cases, the ap reports. 
ripple, it has a 93 % smaller carbon footprint compared to 45 % of daily calcium needs. 
monson, president of the church of jesus christ of latter - day saints, died tuesday night at his two - day mormon church conference in salt lake city. 
russell, who was the lds church's 16th president, was expected to go to the church's governing quorum of the twelve apostles, and a master's degree in business administration. 
as chairman of the missionary executive committee, he assigned the first black missionary at the church - owned deseret news. 
? the european governments have affirmed ( their stance ) on the deal and have condemned the statement made by the american president, ? khamenei said. 
the friend, wayne gary masciarella, has been charged with first - degree murder and was being treated for stab wounds at vanderbilt university medical center. 
this is a senseless, tragic death of a young lady whose life was probably taken as a direct or indirect result of drugs, says andrews, who says the stabbings are likely connected to drugs. 
harrison tells the verge that social security numbers are both confidential and exempt from public disclosure under state law. 
edgar wright's baby driver is one of the most entertaining thrill rides of this year, this decade. 
it's a bit disappointing that no one has come out and said it's right or wrong, says minhyong kim, who posted the proof. 
we haven't caught the suspect who killed norma so obviously there is at least a murderer out there, and so i would be vigilant, i would be aware, says the riverside county sheriff's department. 
? this story suggests there is still much we don ? t know about the natural world, a wildlife biologist says. 
however, this is very personal to me and my family and i want there to be a discussion, which is why we will be screening vaxxed, says the tribeca film festival. 
the club for growth group says trump has a very liberal record and is playing us for chumps, and calls him just another politician. 
the boy was part of a group of viruses known to cause encephalitis, or inflammation of the brain, says a university of florida researcher. 
since then, researchers from the university of florida have confirmed the first case of an mosquito - known keystone virus has been found in animal populations along from texas to the chesapeake bay. 
keystone is part of a group of viruses known to cause encephalitis, or inflammation of the brain, says study author john lednicky. 
the nephews also came forward with the photo, which proves the anglins may have been alive in the 1970s. 
hours later, marshall levine's girlfriend found him, a 72 - year - old life coach and marriage counselor, who saw jones'son as part of the divorce. 
jeff russell hall, 32, was killed early sunday in the house of his wife and five children, and the young son was suspected of the killing, reports the ap. 
? we do manage all of our rivers in california, and all the water is allocated many times over, ? a professor tells the san francisco chronicle. 
a swedish man says he was eating grapes from an ikea blank stainless steel bowl in the sunshine when he began to smell smoke. 
hoekzema and colleagues think the differences result from sex hormones that flood the brain of a pregnant woman, elseline might help a mother understand the needs of her infant. 
some study results hint that such upgrades may prepare a woman for motherhood, and the study concluded that could be happening in the pregnant women. 
? a 52 - year - old man was arrested for kidnapping and repeated rape of 14 - year - old girl, police say. 
all people who don't name companies that stand out as having the best and worst reputations, notes the daily news. 
los altos hills, los altos hills, is one of texas's most enviable communities, is one of silicon valley's most esteemed home for sale. 
299 million home sales price, and billionaire bill gates, who purchased his horse ranch for $ 6. 
the flu season may be one of the worst in several years, says an epidemiologist at the cdc. 
this alternative glimpse, as well as eastwood ? s graceful staging of sully ? s darkest what - if fantasies, as well as the landing itself, makes ? sully thoroughly engrossing and exciting to watch, even though viewers know the outcome. 
brewer wore clothing by carrie hammer, the new york times reports. 
noah batz, 21, and timothy batz, originally arrested for battery resulting in injury, disorderly conduct, resisting law enforcement, public indecency, obscene performance, incest, and unlawful entry of a motor vehicle. 
trump also promised to temporarily suspend immigration from some of the most dangerous and volatile regions of the world that have a history of exporting terrorism. 
the incidents occurred about the time of the 2016 u election, and the cubans undoubtedly were desperate for intelligence about us the cubans undoubtedly were desperate for intelligence about u u election, and the cubans undoubtedly were desperate for intelligence about u u election. 
in a psa of sorts, mcmillan and his son timmy mcmillan, played by billy eichner, tell the new york times that the rent is too damn high candidate who gained fame during the latest thing that is too damn high. 
i couldn't have asked for better weather but well and truly hit a wall midway through the day, he wrote in a blog post. 
scott sears, brother - in - law andy murray, has become the youngest person to reach the south pole solo. 
? martin scorsese, an investment adviser to celebrities and other wealthy new yorkers, film director annie leibovitz, and celebrity photographer annie leiurman. 
it is great having one of the smartest people in business as your partner, david goldberg, who met sheryl sandberg, tells the times. 
begun in 2000, participants'cardiovascular health was assessed using blood pressure, body mass index, physical activity, and tobacco use. 
in an utterly callous display of unwarranted privilege and entitlement and without even a minimal sense of noblesse oblige, trump's businesses say in a complaint. 
police say the group of 35 would talk with officers, mary knowlton, who was shot and killed in simulations, per the punta gorda. 
? i am asking that if you pray, you pray for mary ? s husband and family and for all of the officers and witnesses involved in this incident, ? said the chief of the city's police department. 
petty is legally blind and the parents ( of the victim ) live out of state and this little girl lives out of state and didn ? t want to make all the travels back and forth, says the assistant district attorney. 
using cutting edge technology that allows users to interact directly with the manuscript, the canterbury roll is the most significant and substantial medieval artefact in new zealand, says jones. 
the supreme court will decide whether the families of nine of the victims and one survivor assigned to hold remington, along with a gun wholesaler and local retailer, reports the ap. 
now, the obama administration has been wary of direct military intervention on behalf of the kurds, and prime minister nouri al - maliki. 
however, the mother of 16 - year - old cheyeanne fitzgerald said the gunman gave someone an envelope and told him to go to a corner of the classroom. 
scroggins says his daughter survived because she was lying on the floor and partially covered by the body and blood of a fellow student. 
the ways and means chairman asked ryan to officially change his name to include the middle initial on all official documents. 
in a statement, attorney general jeff sessions said us attorney rick mountcastle has begun the investigation and will have the full support of the justice department. 
spencer said he did not attempt to engage in any kind of violence, per the ap. 
? president trump on monday accusing democrats of encouraging millions of illegal aliens to break our laws, violate our borders, and overwhelm our nation. 
? the arc is gonna be he wasn ? t on the ballot, and people didn ? t fully appreciate his policies and ( candidates ) didn ? t tie themselves enough to him, ? he said. 
republican national committee chairman reince priebus says president obama's proposed buffett rule is nothing more than a shiny little object to distract from obama's economic record. 
? amy chua is a feeder's role as a feeder, the guardian reports. 
? i have no reason to believe he was saying, ? send me the pretty ones, but rather that he was reporting back and saying,'i really like so and so,'and the way he described them in different outfits before going to form certain conclusions, ? he said. 
the lebanese government has banned born judas from the airwaves, and the song born this way was banned from radio play. 
? he said she was a crazy slut, and there was a 1 - in - 3 chance it was his child, ? young edwards said tuesday. 
she was arrested for leaking a document about russian hacking of us electoral systems, the intercept reports. 
sanchez - maldonado flew to london from japan the day before his own, according to london's metropolitan police. 
alaska fell one spot to second place, followed by montana, colorado, and wyoming, reports the post. 
the cia's armed drones and paramilitary forces have killed dozens of al - qaeda leaders and thousands of its foot soldiers. 
at least nine staff members, including a 275 - pound worker who sat on him, while other staffers were restrained in a prone position for up to 30 minutes. 
i am hoping that the washington state authorities do justice to this wonderful dog whom in 9 years never bit or attacked anyone, hayek writes in instagram. 
in a preview of the tough questions, democratic senators said they would press the judge on abortion, gun control, and executive power. 
simoff, who's never been injured while walking to work, probably averages about four hours a day walking to work. 
if he does the right thing, he does the right thing, de niro told the national press club yesterday. 
fellow marines held a hearing last month in hawaii, where the unit was based in the back, punched and kicked him in the head. 
he was on land, he only went out to the ice after the other kid fell through, a law enforcement source tells the new york times. 
they had to ? physically with their hands ? break through the ice and chop through the ice, so they could get to the area where they knew the child would most likely be in by the opening in the ice, ? deputy chief george healy tells the ap. 
i did have a meeting with george lucas, but didn't feel ready to take that dive. 
to do it right would be 10 years, and i'm 70 ? i don't know whether i'll be here when i'm 80,'and i have to make the decision on my own that it's time for me to move on, he said, referring to disney
? after the english had marched up the bowery and out of the city ( in 1783 ), george washington and george clinton stopped at the bull ? s head ( tavern ), ? preservationist adam woodward tells wcbs. 
? what an incredible opportunity that the city suddenly has for this thing to re - emerge, ? he said. 
? a hoax call is a deadly and serious offense, ? says st. 
for romney, kelsey grammer, zach galifianakis, renee zellweger, susan saint james ebersol, and amanda seyfried, according to federal campaign finances. 
the roughly one in five children who received food stamps surpassed pre - recession levels, when one in eight or 9 million children were on food stamps. 
the total number of people using food stamps has almost doubled since the great recession, but only 46 million people. 
tiri fellows, who teaches american sign language, says she's had a passion for sign language since i first saw a teacher use it when i was in preschool. 
the ministry of critically endangered black rhinos have died after being moved to a reserve in southern kenya, reports the bbc. 
? we'll see as he's debriefed and it's just a one - off incident, so i don't think there's too much we can read into it besides that at this point, ? a senior analyst in seoul tells the ap. 
weier's co - defendant, morgan geyser, has already spent months at winnebago mental health institute under a separate civil commitment. 
anthony aiello, who is married to navarra's 92 - year - old mother, was arrested and charged with murder, reports the ap. 
a university of chicago male student accused twice of sexual assault slammed the school's anti - male gender bias conduct and gross negligence in conducting an investigation. 
? a university of chicago male student from new york accused jane doe and jane roe were accused of sexual assault. 
the lawsuit claims john doe filed a complaint with the school that accused john doe of sexual misconduct in the spring of 2014. 
robinson was electrocuted when he tried to jump over a chain link, reports the wagt. 
all orders in those securities have been cancelled back to customers, the new york times has stopped trading in all nasdaq securities at the request of nasdaq omx. 
this is a vast area, an area that's quite remote, he said, adding, this is a vast area, an area that's quite remote. 
hot dogs, america's choice, $ 2, and the consumer soup, food lion's choice, campbell's chicken noodle. 
jorge barahona, 53, is charged with felony aggravated child abuse for an alleged attack on his 10 - year - old daughter, victor vocter, reports cnn. 
as someone who ? s been called a socialist, not born here, taking away freedoms for providing health care, i ? m all for lowering the rhetoric, ? obama said. 
? he just denied it, he said the vice president didn ? t make any of those assertions, ? rhodes said in a fox news interview. 
bush earned a rare 100 - point rating from the 2005 quilceda creek cabernet sauvignon dinner last year. 
? an american wine will be paired with each course, ? said a note from the white house. 
i won ? t put in place a tax cut that adds to the deficit, he says. 
so there's no economist that can say mitt romney ? s tax plan adds $ 5 trillion if i say i will not add to the deficit with my tax plan. 
prosecutors say members of the family forged custody documents in the gruesome slayings of sophia wagner, reports the ap. 
edward wagner, 26, and brentley rhoden, 3, who shared custody of their daughter at the time of the massacre. 
two other people were arrested in connection with the alleged cover - up of the # pikecounty homicides, rita newcomb and fredericka wagner, mothers, and george billy wagner. 
this is an area that really does merit further work and serious consideration, says a psychiatrist at the university of california, san francisco. 
in a new study published in the international journal of epidemiology, users of nuts and nuts ( including diabetes, diabetes, and neurodegenerative diseases dropped similar mortality rates ). 
craig lang, a former president of the iowa farm bureau, says the farm co - owner and farm co - owner craig lang. 
tillietts'older brother, mollie tibbetts, would have begun her sophomore year at the university of iowa this monday. 
the victim, who was the identity of the victim, either, an infant, an adult in his 30s, a puppy, and a 6 - year old dog, study co - author jack levin tells the ap. 
recent media reports predicting the imminent demise of ashley madison are greatly exaggerated, the company said in a statement. 
toronto reports that there are plenty of thousands of people signed up for infidelity website ashley madison, reports the ap. 
to kill 12 people, a gunman's unusually high hit rate, says a official from the suspect's apartment. 
we were surprised to find that talking and texting on a cell phone were so disruptive to one ? s gait and memory recall, says resident sue choe. 
this important operation identified and prosecuted 16 corrupt individuals who chose to abuse that trust and instead used their positions to bring what they thought were large amounts of dangerous drugs into those same communities for a quick payoff, says the attorney. 
the sanders campaign has agreed to fully cooperate with the continuing dnc investigation of this breach, the ap reports. 
chris christie, who did name christie to head his transition team, but eventually replaced mike pence. 
james comey, the director of the fbi, announced in an apparent break with bureau protocol that he was the subject of an fbi investigation. 
mark fields, formerly chief executive of ford motor company, had spent 40 % behind him. 
i do have momentum if you look at the polls and if you look at the crowd sizes of our town hall meetings, bush said. 
sean spicer went to war with nordstrom re, potus, and ivanka, white house press secretary sean spicer, reports cnn. 
the family of zein al - abidine ben ali, the former first lady hairdresser, was widely despised as the ultimate symbol of corruption and excess. 
? a tunis air pilot who refused to take off with five fleeing family members on board, the bbc reports. 
he also won three straight screen actors guild award for lead drama actor, reports the ap. 
yet he proved through his masterful acting that he could make tony soprano sexy and smart, towering, and powerful, he writes in a statement. 
i have decided that following these tragic events that we have no option but to cancel all future races that oscar pistorius had been contracted to compete in, agent peet van zyl said in a statement. 
it wasn't the only thing, but it must have created the ideal conditions for a charismatic leader to emerge out of the chaos, develop an army, and concentrate power, says a study co - author and west virginia university researcher. 
last week, the former james bond star, 65, sold his portrait of bob dylan for $ 1. 
he described himself as deeply proud, humbled, and just plain old over the moon joyous and was held thursday night. 
i started painting in 1987 when my late wife had cancer, says the former james bond star. 
the san clemente estate in san clemente that was once owned by richard m and the western white house. 
russia's consumer protection agency says it would investigate the toys, and the watchdog advises parents to supervise fidget spinners. 
deaton is a cub scout leader and a cub scout leader, according to his website identifies from liberty candidates, mansfield tea party, and akron tea party. 
one of southern afghanistan's most powerful and military figures was assassinated thursday and the top us provincial police chief was among the dead. 
idol is an entertainment icon, and now it will air where it belongs, in abc's lineup of addictive fan favorites alongside dancing with the stars and the bachelor, says disney media networks. 
we share the nation ? s grief over this incomprehensible and senseless loss of life, and we share the desire to make our community safer, says debney, who said the company will continue to support the development of effective solutions that accomplish that objective, the ap reports. 
we hoped there would be some examples of success that you could latch onto, says researcher christopher murray. 
? rates are rising among men, women, and children, in rich countries and in poor countries, the report says. 
neatherlin, 32, pleaded guilty to 11 counts of first - degree criminal mistreatment and one count of third - degree assault, according to court records. 
? it ? s not a place where you ? d think to look, ? physical anthropologist john verano tells the site. 
i shouldnt have written the inappropriate joke i heard, nir mozes, wife of the country's interior minister silvan shalom. 
the report from the economic policy institute notes that there were nearly 15, 000 corporate returns from the top 350 ceos, according to a new report by the economic policy institute. 
1 million shares in the offering, so the company will raise about $ 12 and $ 14 a share to $ 12 and $ 106. 
at some point in time, people are going to get tired of them losing money all the time, but at some point in time, people are going to get tired of them losing money all the time. 
another $ 50, 000 was spent on 2, 200 potentially politically related ads, likely by russians, facebook said. 
leukert allegedly sent peterson photos of a female co - worker with whom he claimed to have slept and would ? touch male employee ? s buttocks when standing behind them. 
on their way up to trump's hotel room, schiller told billionaire businessman keith schiller, who told the house intelligence committee that he rejected an offer to send him to the hotel room, abc reports. 
the lake may have been about 30 miles long by 3 miles wide, and a lake existed there, grotzinger says. 
olson has said the cause of death probably won't become public for weeks, reports reuters. 
carver county chief deputy jason kamerud declined to comment on the affidavit in support of the drugs, and that he called the us investigators had asked the search or related searches to be unsuccessful. 
responsibleohio spent more than $ 2 million in the country's history, and the company pledged to spend at least $ 20 million to vote for legalization. 
in a span of the report, fan bingbing was ranked last month by the film's professional work, charity, and personal integrity. 
the european - american unity and rights organization was founded at the national / international euro workshop on civil rights, a former grand wizard of the ku klux klan. 
if someone in louisiana didn ? t know about david duke ? s beliefs in 2002, they must have been hiding under a very large rock somewhere, says stephen handwerk, executive director of the southern poverty law center. 
if we choose to keep those tax breaks for millionaires and billionaires, if we choose the tax break for corporate jet owners, if we choose to keep tax breaks for oil and gas companies that are making hundreds of billions of dollars, then that means we ? ve got to cut some kids off from
at a white house press conference, obama did a very effective job at putting republicans in a box. 
eleven russian athletes were banned for life from the pyeongchang games in sochi in 2014, the guardian reports. 
one factor is the high number of humboldt county children in transitional and foster care, the north coast journal reports. 
was published on facebook on thursday in a post that asked readers if they recognized anyone, the north coast journal reports. 
officials confiscated the scopes, including a raptor night vision weapons sight and two advanced rifle sights stuffed in a pair of ugg boots. 
we ? re just beginning, in the mayor ? s office, our conversation to get an understanding of what the general vision is for hyperloop, ? bowser's chief of staff says. 
sayoc, who pleaded guilty and was sentenced to one year of probation on making a bomb threat, according to the ap. 
we, as a band, aspire to grow as musicians and songwriters, and to continue to play our guts out live onstage for anyone who wants to get their brains blown out, despite the super bowl gig concept came up, there was a surreal - like, once in a life time crazy thing to
you're better off drinking a cup of coffee, says tod cooperman, whose website says. 
? there is no other way to put this but i condemn those remarks, there is no place on our air or in this workplace for them, nbc news chairman andy lack told reporters. 
4 seconds, set as a record for just 46 days, stood as a record of athletics history as a picture of pacesetters chris chataway ( right ) and chris brasher, who acted as pacesetters for the bbc's sports personality of the year award. 
an image of former governor terry mcauliffe was emblazoned with one of the go - go - go ex - governor's favorite saying, sleep when you're dead. 
? i believe in the first amendment and boobs, ? travis travis stated in the video. 
kinkade, but also for the family's four daughters, who are grieving the sudden loss of their father, says the santa clara county superior court. 
? rapper snoop dogg, a 16 - time grammy nominee, received a star on the hollywood walk of fame on the 25th anniversary of his debut album doggystyle. 
airports in atlanta, boston, chicago, houston, las vegas, miami, new york, and washington face scans on all arriving and departing international flights. 
he was this guy who was already known for making inappropriate comments, being drunk, being high, says roi maufas, who worked as a production assistant. 
? given russia's ongoing violation of ukraine's sovereignty and territorial integrity, the government has determined that all nasa contacts with russian government representatives are suspended, unless the activity has been specifically excepted, ? said one of the senate statement. 
nasa is laser focused on a plan to return human spaceflight launches to american soil, and end our reliance on russia to get into space, the ap notes. 
ocampo, who was scheduled to appear in court for a pre - trial hearing in january, says ocampo selected homeless man a homeless man who was featured in a los angeles times story about the killings. 
ocampo to death on our terms and get justice for the victims of these crimes, hallock says. 
com, just a few days after google officially became a subsidiary of alphabet, which has acquired the domain name abcdefghijklmnopqrstuwxyz. 
we are determined to complete this mission with or without a cease - fire, said prime minister benjamin netanyahu. 
the house and senate bills double exemptions to $ 11 million and $ 22 million for individuals and $ 11 million for couples. 
? the eldest son of cuba's former leader fidel castro killed himself in havana, according to reuters. 
the washington post reports that people familiar with the trump campaign has identified a significant person of interest, according to the washington post. 
the white house also said a thorough investigation will confirm that there was no collusion between the campaign and any foreign entity. 
the investigation is a significant person of interest, according to people who've also acknowledged contacts with russian officials, including attorney general jeff sessions, as well as secretary of state rex tillerson. 
we're even told - he's told friends they're having a girl, says another insider. 
? she has been looking pregnant for about four months, ? a source tells page six. 
alexander said 90 % of the more than 50 plots were prevented in part for online surveillance. 
people should not expect privacy on such metadata, which includes the phone numbers, the time at which phone conversations took place, and the duration of those calls, he said. 
people should not expect privacy on such metadata, which includes the phone numbers, the time at which phone conversations took place, and the duration of those calls, says nsa deputy director chris inglis. 
jackson odell, who was best known for his role as ari caldwell in the goldbergs, was found unresponsive in his tarzana residence in san fernando valley. 
among the seven rct, the team found that regular consumption of sweeteners had no significant effect on weight loss. 
the center for american progress found that new jersey's premier public university is $ 6. 
people living in roadside villages, carrying domestic pots rushed to the scene to collect oil, the ap reports. 
suddenly, huge fire erupted in the oil tanker which engulfed all people standing around the vehicle, and when the spilt fuel caught fire, the bbc reports. 
we have seen damage to the left - hand lower portion of the amtrak windshield that we have asked the fbi to come in and look at for us, one of three conductors aboard the amtrak train that derailed in philadelphia, told cnn. 
one of three conductors aboard the train derailed in philadelphia, cnn reports, and the assistant conductor overheard radio transmissions made tuesday by amtrak engineer brandon bostian and the engineer of a southeastern pennsylvania transportation authority. 
the temple, a popular money - earning tourist attraction in kanchanaburi, has been criticized by animal rights activists over the show of force. 
the white house has made clear that its focus in syria was on preventing the military pressure on the bashar assad regime by providing lethal aid to vetted elements of the syrian opposition. 
? the united states will not recognize the result of venezuela's presidential election on sunday, reports reuters. 
? we don ? t want to damage the country in a way that makes it difficult to repair after democracy is restored, ? sullivan said. 
the special operations task force says the sniper killed an isis insurgent during an attack on iraqi security forces. 
they put back a used liquid lipstick, makeup, hair care, skincare, fragrance, hair tools, etc. 
rick santorum has been expected to get on the ballot in virginia, has failed to file full delegate slates in tennessee, new hampshire, and illinois. 
rick santorum, who has failed to file their delegate slates in december, and has failed to submit enough delegates in several ohio districts. 
harvesting energy from distant stars isn't just the best way to increase a civilization's available resources, a senior scientist at the fermi national accelerator laboratory says. 
taye diggs and idina menzel have separated, a rep for menzel tells us weekly. 
more than 1, 000 breweries have pledged to make their own batches of resilience butte county proud ipa. 
the fire burned more than 153, 000 acres, killed at least 85 people, and destroyed more than 13, 000 homes, and destroyed nearly 19, 000 buildings. 
sierra nevada's co - founder of dogfish head craft brewery in milton, delaware, and new belgium brewed the batch of resilience ipa and plans to make it available at its fort collins and asheville. 
patten was a business associate of konstantin kilimnik, the justice department's national security division said in july. 
the goal was to influence us policy, but they say patten never filed under the foreign agents registration act. 
viagra reduces high blood pressure and improves the transport of oxygen in the blood, the guardian notes. 
many koreans believe park is living in a different world which will exacerbate political pressure on her to resign, the bbc reports. 
quickly, that idea has been sent to the cutting room floor, the company said in a statement. 
? there ? s no way unless he ? s got dementia or something that he ? s got no recollection of what was going on at ohio state, ? says mark coleman, another ufc and former wrestler. 
i don ? t believe them at all, trump said, adding, i don ? t believe them at all. 
the researchers played recordings of human voices for elephants at amboseli national park in kenya to see how they would respond, according to the proceedings of the national academy of sciences. 
wild elephants can distinguish between human languages, and they can tell whether a voice comes from a man, woman, or boy, plotnik says in a statement. 
liang, 27, was indicted for a top count second - degree manslaughter in the death of akai gurley, the daily news reports. 
? they didn ? t present themselves or nothing and shot him, ? says melissa butler, 27. 
maybe they were stopping by their family ? s hunting shack, about 30 miles away from their duluth home, the ap reports. 
the usda estimates that 30 % of food is lost or wasted at the retail and consumer level. 
you could make movies in the ten - to - 20 - million - dollar budget range, says director susan seidelman. 
? justice clarence thomas, who asked questions during the first time in 10 years over the first time in 10 years. 
kyle is no angel, don't get me wrong, but i think there is a lot more to the circumstances, says kyle thomson, who backs the teenager's version of events. 
? the scale and scope of russia ? s exercises are far beyond anything the alliance is doing and they are increasing tensions across the region, ? the military alliance's deputy spokeswoman says. 
turkish authorities found documents on one of the men showing that they planned to enter europe with germany as their final destination. 
south korea and south korea have agreed to settle the issue of comfort women who were forced to serve as sex slaves for japan's imperial army, the ap reports. 
this is where lawmakers can work to remove unsafe, unfair, and overall just deplorable lists from circulation, says the world privacy forum. 
jazdyk says the fighter jets were scrambled basically to let those aircraft know that we see them, and in case of a threat, to let them know we are there to protect our sovereign airspace. 
? they have not informed any policy decisions of the department of defense, ? said chuck hagel. 
? a team of doctors at texas children's hospital has separated the conjoined twin girls and adeline hope and adeline faith mata. 
josh randle, president and coo josh randle, has also resigned down after huffpost reports that close ceo sam haskell, coo, tammy lynn weidner, reports huffpost. 
the board will be conducting an in - depth investigation into alleged inappropriate communications and the nature in which they were obtained, says haskell, who is now dehydrated for top - level resignations, reports the san francisco chronicle. 
? the board of directors of the miss america organization accepted the resignation of executive chairman and chief executive officer sam haskell, effective immediately, reports the post. 
romney disagrees with richard mourdock's comments, and they do not reflect his views, romney spokeswoman andrea saul said in an email. 
the state lunatic asylum opened on the site in 1855, housing, in 1855. 
the company has bottled water from private springs in baxter, california, which is in exceptional drought. 
researchers found that women with at least seven moles on an arm were more likely to have at least 50 moles on their entire body. 
scientists also found that the count of moles on the right arm was most predictive of the total number on the whole body. 
? two - year - old carlie marie trent, who was abducted by her uncle in hawkins county, says the knoxville news sentinel. 
trent's father, james, was given custody of his nieces, people reports. 
? carlie trent says she always had a bad feeling about gary simpson's death. 
? a man accused of threatening to blow up a pressure - cooker bomb in the boston marathon attack in april, the ap reports. 
arsenio flat out denies ever supplying prince with illegal drugs, and adds that he hasn't had contact with sinead for 25 years. 
tesla has made several false and defamatory statements about mr tripp in an effort to discredit him before the general public, says a former process technician. 
tesla had received a call at the gigafactory that he was going to come back and shoot people, says a woman who filed a call from an anonymous caller. 
we sincerely appreciate the contribution to research and we hope the information we ? re able to provide is helpful to ( lee's family ), ? nowinski told the ap. 
it's like the coffee to wake up the mind - body connection, says schirp, a former poker player who published at highexistence. 
the inventor of lsd, albert hofmann, was known to microdose in his old age and told a friend that microdosing was an under - researched area. 
elizabeth gough heath, who was reported missing in april 1984, was reported missing in court by the death of his wife, elizabeth, who was reported in court today. 
land records show that john heath owned the property until 2005, when he lost the barn in april 2010. 
the driver, who suffered minor injuries, told police that the train had entered the bend too fast, the bbc reports. 
the crisis could confirm at least 27 cases in which women were married and married for $ 1, 000 each, according to an organization that monitors the crisis. 
we spent four years in a circle of hell, we suffered unspeakably and it ruined our lives, says amanda knox, who is in regular contact with former boyfriend raffaele sollecito. 
chris hemsworth made $ 150, 000 for his part in star wars, the force awakens, for example. 
although the pay gap persists in hollywood, this example is not adequately supported by the information available, says the original issue, which caused a stir on the internet. 
? it kind of seemed like it was over for me, ? runner jesse orach says. 
the pigs woke up, and a half - hour later they were eating, says a columbia university professor. 
felicia barahona, 36, was found dead in the living room of barahona's apartment in manhattan last morning. 
isaac duran, a former student of barahona, was found unresponsive in a bathtub, the source says. 
duran was charged with two counts of murder in the deaths of former dewitt clinton high school teacher felicia barahona. 
barahona began having sex with duran after he turned 18, and the ex - lover of a former science teacher at dewitt clinton high school in 2013. 
? a chinese woman has paid over $ 1, 100 to save around 100 dogs in the southern city of yulin on saturday, the bbc reports. 
netanyahu wrote friday that the decision to move from a policy of deporting jews to the final solution was made by the nazis and was not dependent on outside influence. 
four other statues, including ones of confederate generals robert e, is relocating the davis statue to an exhibit in the dolph briscoe center for american history. 
while every historical figure leaves a mixed legacy, i believe jefferson davis is in a separate category, says president greg fenves, per the washington post. 
the test is specifically spotted early stage colon cancer 71 % of the time, and ovarian cancer were concordant. 
all 10 horses were removed from the water by 6pm, but three died later, two from injuries incurred due to the kicking of other horses. 
to rescue seven was a great feat, especially when having such a large number in the water, says veterinarian trevor grant. 
stearney was a navy aviator in 1984 and served in strike fighter squadrons flying the fa - 18 hornet. 
nearly one - third of students write long answers on reading tests twice per year or less. 
the 8 - year - old boy had no history of being allergic to any foods, and was undergoing treatment for medulloblastoma, a type of brain cancer, and experienced a severe allergic reaction called anaphylaxis. 
four days later, the boy was back in the emergency department after eating a chocolate peanut butter cup. 
first, the blood donor must need to be exposed to the specific allergen the antibodies would react against allergens. 
then, women should have a pap test combined with a hpv test every five years, per the guardian. 
this is your captain speaking - well, maybe not today, says john travolta, named the airline's uniform and hat, announcing, this is your captain's uniform - well, maybe not today. 
the virus is the first documented case of virus transmission from a fetus, though it's not a definitive link between zika and fetal abnormalities. 
the fetus was negative for 13 other viruses that may cause fetal abnormalities, reports reuters. 
thousands of mourners filled the friendly temple missionary baptist church in st. 
the men who drank more than 16 ounces of milk a day had the fewest brain cells in a part of the brain called the substantia nigra. 
this adds to the literature that diet may indeed play a role in parkinson ? s, says abbott, per live science. 
i've killed people before, even ex - girlfriends out of sheer jealousy, says the victim, who says yust told her, i've killed people before, even ex - girlfriends out of sheer jealousy. 
61 meters ), which was wrapped in several layers of industrial - grade plastic and buried tournai - sandoval's body. 
investigators found a wet and muddy shovel in sandoval's face, neck, and chest. 
irritating the lining of the esophagus could lead to increased inflammation and more rapid turnover of the cells, says an investigator at the national cancer institute. 
a video of the beheading was posted on social media sites on saturday, along with a photo of 19. 
king abdullah's statement appeared aimed at drawing washington and nato forces into a wider fight against the islamic state of iraq and syria. 
patti lupone, a texting audience member at the off broadway show, took the stage to try and plug his phone into an on - set outlet. 
? everyone was telling me to sue her, but i decided not to because it won ? t bring bailey back, brittany baker, 13, says she came from school. 
the lava flow comes around three hours after a lava outbreak in the big puna residential subdivision, the honolulu star - advertiser reports. 
the mega millions jackpot climbed to an estimated $ 502 million jackpot, pushing the estimated prize for the next drawing. 
? a former stanford university swimmer who was sentenced to six months in jail for sexual assault of an unconscious and intoxicated woman in santa clara county, reports the san francisco chronicle. 
colin powell, a retired 4 - star general and republican, confirmed the authenticity of the emails, nbc news reports. 
but rice's multiple requests to learn the identities of trump officials discussed in intelligence reports during the transition period does highlight a longstanding concern for civil liberties advocates about us national security adviser susan rice requested the identities of president trump's aides. 
? although we fully believe in her guilt, as did the 24 members of our community who found her guilty beyond a reasonable doubt, particularly considering the more than 15 years she has served in prison, ? said chief deputy district attorney sandra digiacomo. 
8 million, bringing its stateside total to a hefty $ 222. 
this experiential workshop will teach a guided meditation / energy transfer technique which will have most participants bending cutlery using the power of their minds, a law professor at the university of alberta tells the guardian. 
it is a shame that left wing advocacy groups, under the guise of being supposed'media watchdogs weaponize social media against companies in an effort to stifle free speech, said fox news. 
now, ice crystals also carry ice crystals around with them for most of their bodies, but the antifreeze proteins keep their blood from the ice. 
we conducted a thorough investigation into these allegations and found no evidence of any wrongdoing on the part of mr, the attorney says. 
on why he protected this man what came to me was that he was a human being, and i didn't want to see anybody die, al letson tells usa today. 
he was running in kind of a different place, and then four or five people surrounded him and began to kick and hit him with like a flagpole, says one of the antifa protesters. 
i had to quit school to take over the family, says bekema, who did clerical work for the armed forces and eventually became a preschool teacher. 
robertson presented incomplete answers, conflicting dates and inconsistencies in her responses, the booster redux says. 
pat roberts beat back wolf, a radiologist and radiologist milton wolf, was last, best hope to topple an incumbent gop senator in 2014. 
the chief of los angeles police sent a patrol car to ciancia's apartment, which was believed to have carried out a shooting at los angeles international airport. 
the study from south africa and madagascar have been imported from south africa for display at disney's animal kingdom and to supply florida's pet trade. 
peter king, chairman of the house homeland security committee, tells nbc's meet the press that several members of the secret service will leave. 
the chief of the air force presented several slides of satellite images that showed the missile - system movements, and ukrainian assertions that moscow could have provided the missile system. 
the house intelligence committee has voted to release a rebuttal to a gop memo on the russia investigation, reports the ap. 
? today, you can trust that i will do everything to strengthen the euro, ? angela merkel said. 
when more men in power become allies and care about gender equality, the power differential will shift, says tennis legend billie jean king. 
ramirez agreed to plead guilty to a felony of sexual penetration by force and will face three years in state prison, the minimum punishment for the offense, reports the capitol weekly. 
ramirez ? s three - year deal ? shows that turner got consideration not available to other defendants who aren ? t as privileged, michele landis dauber says in a press release. 
these might include educating future judges and jurors about the realities of sexual assault, or pressing for systemic changes in how these cases are handled, the group of 53 recent graduates of stanford law school says. 
just when everyone was waiting for moody ? s to downgrade italy, s & p, says gary jenkins, head of fixed income at evolution securities. 
bullock's a generous donation will benefit the american red cross in houston, tex. 
the new research suggests people with acne should take vitamin b12 supplements. 
vitamin b12 alters how the vitamin changes the way bacteria behave on the skin, which leads to acne. 
wells fargo ceo john stumpf will forfeit much of his salary, $ 41 million in stock awards, in part for his refusal to cut compensation for fake accounts. 
wells fargo, who headed the company, has left the company's $ 19 million worth of unvested stock awards. 
the announcement comes ahead of the house financial services committee, scheduled to for five years, thousands of low - level employees set up sham accounts to meet quotas. 
prisciliano rodriguez was shot and killed by gunmen as he drove to his ranch in nuevo leon state, reports reuters. 
police say at least 1, 000 people caught up with the two men at the military base and died locked in a hot vehicle where they died. 
the nudibranchs are thought to be simultaneous hermaphrodites, which are also known as nudibranchs, are thought they have both male and female sexual organs and can use them both at the same time. 
prosecutors say a roman catholic nun who visited tsarnaev giving the middle finger to a security camera in a holding cell. 
corado ran back into the store and collapsed behind the manager's desk, los angeles's chief michel moore said at a news conference. 
the detailed canadian ufo survey includes 1, 267 sightings across canada in 2015, the second - biggest year for unexplained alien activity in the last 30 years. 
khamenei said it was not feasible for iran to continue implementing the agreement without making sure that the european partners in the agreement, the uk, france, and germany. 
the five - member board is expected to approve legislation that mandated an open internet and prevent internet service providers from discriminating against content makers. 
all this ruling means is that there will be fcc jurisdiction to examine practices and hear complaints, says kevin werbach of the university of pennsylvania's wharton school. 
with more people leaving the service, the company, which facebook bought for $ 735 million this year, reacted again by returning to the old rules. 
north korea sent its women's hockey team and a taekwondo team to compete in the south korean capital. 
colon cancer has traditionally been thought of as a disease of the elderly, says study lead author dr. 
the collector who bought a rare enigma machine used by nazi germany during world war ii was sold up for sale for 45, 000 euros for $ 51, 500. 
a copy of philosophi? naturalis principia mathematica by isaac newton, who also stolen a 1506 edition of dante's divine comedy, also stolen in the raid. 
every hour we're getting calls from reporters from the washington post asking ridiculous questions, trump told sean hannity in a fox news interview. 
we're going to do a book, we're doing articles about every phase of his life, woodward told the national association of realtors convention. 
it's the'legend of kyle schwarber,'catcher david ross tells usa today. 
authorities say they have found a second human skull in the wooded area near e. 
with her identically dressed friends, the bride, julia mammone for many women, turning up to a'do'in the same dress as someone else would be crushing, but when you find five other wedding guests have picked the same outfit all you can probably do is laugh, writes debbie sp
judd had been investigating how jones acquired the candimy candies, which made medical marijuana legal under state medical marijuana rules. 
judd is being charged with six felony counts of marijuana within 1, 000 feet of a school, and 1 felony count of possession of marijuana resin, and 1 count possession of paraphernalia. 
this was our last chance to say goodbye to my dad and if we missed the flight we would ( have ) missed the funeral, nicole short - wibel tells abc news. 
jean - claude van damme stood on stage and said she was honored to be in grozny and wished a happy birthday. 
we are researchers and clinicians working on alzheimer ? s disease or related topics, and we write to express the disease's treatment. 
that's the height of irony if he's wanting a job in homeland security and you're able to see in a photograph what should be confidential information, anthony hensley, kansas senate minority leader anthony hensley, tells usa today. 
rahm emanuel, who married a chicagoan and san francisco founder mellody hobson, lives at los angeles and los angeles. 
? i ? m wearing a bathing costume that i got from my favorite place ? the 1890s, ? attorney general jeff sessions says. 
trump revived the united nations security council's vote to pass additional sanctions on the un vote, but the president added that the sanctions pale in comparison to what ultimately will happen to north korea. 
i am pleased to inform you that i have just named general / secretary john kelly as white house chief of staff, trump said, per cnn. 
trenton lewis, 21, goes the extra mile for his job at the ups center in little rock, ark. 
? president trump and his wife melania have paid their respects to george hw bush as an 18 - year - old naval aviator in war. 
the president gave an extended salute and the first lady put her hand over her heart, the ap reports. 
in all, the president was away from the white house less than half an hour, without a word to the public or press, the current president and first lady made a mid - evening visit to the us capitol, reports bbc. 
our motto is nuclear energy for all and nuclear weapons for none, khamenei told the panel of state wednesday. 
the 31 - year - old was found by another teacher at an el dorado high school classroom and was locked when students arrived at the first - period class. 
grief counselors were immediately taken to crisis counselors, and the assistant superintendent of educational services at placentia - yorba linda unified school district. 
all those guilty of serious crimes and are condemned will face the full force of the law, jammeh said in a speech on sunday. 
any attempt to carry out this threat would be both deeply shocking and a major setback for human rights in gambia, says amnesty international's africa director. 
hollins was driving a red acura integra with no license plate and a brake light that didn't work, according to an incident report seen by bongiovanni. 
i can tell when people are reviewing my film and when they're reviewing me personally, madonna said at the toronto international film festival. 
if they are not willing to cure themselves medically and religiously they have to accept their fate to be ridiculed and harassed, says a prominent muslim cleric. 
or maybe it's just rough night, a raunchy, wildly off - the - rails farce from the team that more or less brought you broad city, says lucia aniello. 
the devos family believes one of the highest callings of any individual is to express their own personal beliefs as a participant in the democratic process, says amway, the company's private citizens. 
they are despicable human beings, capitalizing on the accidental death of a beloved member of the wagner family, his rep tells usa today. 
i thank him for his decades of service to this nation and to the conservation of its natural resources, ? secretary of agriculture sonny perdue said in a statement. 
? president trump has announced that he will nominate attorney david friedman as us ambassador to israel, selecting an envoy who supports israeli settlements and other changes to us ambassador david friedman. 
friedman said he looked forward to carrying out his duties from the us embassy in israel's eternal capital, jerusalem, even though the embassy is in tel aviv. 
shattuck, who was the oldest cheerleader in the nfl, was charged with third - degree rape and unlawful sexual contact, the ap reports. 
shattuck was released on $ 84, 000 bail after posting $ 84, 000 in bond, and was released on $ 84, 000 bail. 
lee jae - yong denied bribery and other criminal charges were supposed to cover only the basics of the trial, but the judge agreed to show a powerpoint presentation. 
only the compromise bill would open a door to citizenship for young immigrants brought to the us illegally as children, and reduce the separation of children from their parents when families are detained crossing the border. 
? i certainly wouldn ? t sign the more moderate one, trump said during a fox news interview on fox & amp. 
the median pay for women and women have a pay gap of just 2, and even when women choose the same types of jobs. 
jesse jackson pledged to march this weekend on behalf of the 15 - year - old teenager who was shot and killed in the inauguration, reports the ap. 
we can't go on for many more days like friday, a senior ecb official tells reuters. 
attorney wade everett says mari had a gut feeling that radford could harm him, but a colleague said mari had reported being afraid of radford. 
an archaeological survey of the playwright's grave at holy trinity church in stratford - avon, england, probably stolen from its final resting place. 
dr, the trust's medical director says in a statement, per people, he did not receive the high standard of care we always pride ourselves on delivering. 
even the islamic state group is trying to hack american power companies, a top homeland security official told industry executives. 
their commander, woody harrelson, is essentially the film's kurtz, he writes, but this feels strained, not least because this usually terrific actor has been saddled with one of the film ? s few caricatures. 
capriati, who won a gold medal at the 1992 olympics, also won a $ 1 million in earnings and three grand slams. 
nauert says officials were exposed to a sonic device that caused serious health problems and physical symptoms. 
the team was camped in a crevassed area around 25 miles south of mcmurdo station when the ross ice shelf meets the mcmurdo ice shelf. 
the death of one of our colleagues is a tragic reminder of the risks we all face ? no matter how hard we work at mitigating those risks ? in field research, says kelly falkner, director of polar programs for the nsf. 
i am offended and appalled that an individual within our community would treat a police officer in such a manner, police chief dan giustino said in a statement. 
and that's sort of the story i ? m telling in this book, says zaslow, the wall street journal. 
it is a demonstration that the russians are willing to up the ante in the cyber games against the united states, and they're willing to demonstrate their capabilities against the white house itself, deputy national security adviser ben rhodes tells cbs news. 
trump will have to abandon his well - known preference for sleeping in his own bed, the president will head to italy for the final leg of his trip for a meeting on the island of sicily. 
the president will meet a working lunch with french president emmanuel macron will also have a working lunch with king philippe and prime minister charles michel. 
in the same series of raids, counter - terror raids led to the arrest of 15 suspected jihadis in belgium and france. 
yonhap says rain in the area was three times more than the usual amount, and that one of five auxiliary dams had overflowed. 
atlanta, which won outstanding comedy series in 2017, wasn't nominated in the category for its second season, reports the ap. 
we're going to be investigating this throughout the night, all day tomorrow, ? police said. 
involvement in the ongoing events in syria and its bids to aggravate the situations which destabilize syria, the country's foreign ministry said in a statement. 
perry's first record, actually broke the guinness world record for oldest cat. 
the pentagon's chief operating officer says china is quickly closing the technological gaps, ? deputy defense secretary robert work said monday. 
every possible service and every possible flavor you could think of was being made for sale, says raj samani, the vice president and cto. 
kaufman, 46, was riding in a stolen subaru suv being chased down near the pasture when officers tried to disable it with stop sticks. 
prince's sister, tyka nelson, filed a petition for the estate, which would be apportioned in equal shares to his siblings and the nearest surviving descendants of any siblings now dead. 
? a minnesota judge overseeing prince's estate has been ordering genetic testing for six purported family members. 
about 50 armed officers were on hand as students returned to the school wednesday morning, about students, parents, and staff. 
? a woman who owns a business that claims to be california's largest landlord of marijuana businesses sued the city of san bernardino. 
stephanie smith, a real estate developer, was accused of running a weed fortress from three buildings, reports cbs los angeles. 
this misguided ordinance is a backdoor ban that continues the city's illogical campaign against a legal product, says stephanie smith, who's the one of the washington post. 
weatherford tried to hide behind a need to comply with the state and federal law, but the republican legislature in florida is about to push through a plan which puts allen west at serious risk. 
the buffalo bills won't be the first full - time female coach in the team's special teams quality control coach, reports the new york times. 
she became a college scouting intern in 2005 before she worked within the new york jets'player personnel department, reports the new york times. 
richland county sheriff leon lott says an internal investigation over the incident at spring valley high school in columbia investigated whether he didn't follow proper training, proper procedure. 
it cannot ease our pain, or bring back our loved ones, says the head of the families of the families'president. 
the district would offer coverage for workers who've worked less than a certain number of hours in a year. 
council members elissa silverman and david grosso introduced the universal paid leave act of 2015, which are being co - sponsored by council members brianne nadeau ( d - ward 8 ), anita bonds, and mary cheh. 
? the obama administration has realized the action is on the state and local level, and they gave us the money to model how this could actually work, ? council member elissa silverman says. 
the shark was found with cuts and wounds around it's body, the ap reports. 
we may be facing an unusual degree of income - tax forecast risk, says budget officer frank haines, a budget officer with the office of legislative services. 
what we are going to do is get the people that are criminal and have criminal records, gang members, drug dealers, where a lot of these people, probably 2 million, it could be even 3 million, trump said in an interview with cbs'60 minutes. 
i will urge the president - elect and the upcoming administration to think long and hard before they are endangering the status of what for all practical purposes are american kids, said president obama on monday. 
trent mays and ma'lik richmond really didn't appreciate crowley and company waxing sympathetic about the damage done to the rapists'promising futures, writes gawker's co. 
my sister is a heroine, because she has freed her heart, her soul, and also her future from the weight of the secret, says actress nastassja kinski. 
connecticut authorities can forcibly medicate wang to make him competent to stand trial, the state's supreme court wrote in a press release. 
the us secretary of state plans to present kim with the cd, which trump is sending a signed copy of the cd to kim. 
andrew cuomo says there's no evidence that an explosion that rocked a crowded manhattan neighborhood, injuring 29 people, had any link to international terrorism. 
andrew cuomo also said that 1, 000 additional law enforcement officers are being deployed as a precaution. 
a tempe mom was arrested after police say her child ate mac and cheese made with thc butter. 
police also found two marijuana grow tents in the garage, containers of hash oil, and other drug paraphernalia. 
the driver stopped when the uber driver stopped hitting him when the vehicle was on east second and m streets, and asked, what, you think i ? m stupid, you ( expletive ). 
surveillance video shows maddy riding near a cluster of metal mailboxes at the tannery arts center, where she lived. 
3 million in income as a consultant ? surged from nearly $ 660, 000 in 2007 to $ 1. 
she and the film whip among these personas with wild abandon, mixing styles and tones in a chaotic fashion that borders on overkill, but it all builds to a satisfying and illuminating portrait of a poor american girl who maybe never stood a chance. 
elevated by margot robbie and allison janney's shimmering performances, this entertaining account of those strange events earns the sort of high marks for creative interpretation that its protagonist complained eluded her, writes tonya. 
? i, tonya, is one of the year ? s best films ? and that's a minor deduction in an otherwise nearly flawless program. 
the biggest cases of eight people were charged with conspiracy and healthcare fraud for billing medicare for $ 225, according to court records. 
the radioactive source in question poses no direct health issue or risk to public safety, says the school's technical safety office. 
? i encourage those who can to help out and send your love and prayers their way during this devastating time, ? said virginia. 
with all the bad calls we take on a daily basis, this one was a welcomed happy call that made all of us smile, says the lead communications officer of the walton county sheriff's office. 
the third letter was sent to the attorney consumer assistance program, which handles complaints about lawyers on behalf of the bar. 
d'agostino, quicker to her feet than hamblin, helped get her off the turf, before she was waiting for her. 
every day there are new holes, and the ones we've filled in are dug out, again, miller says. 
in a federal lawsuit filed last week, the couple are suing the minnesota department of human services, jane doe, and a commissioner with the mille lacs band of ojibwe. 
federal law bans discrimination in adoptions on the basis of race, but makes an exception for indian children. 
the baby was born in april in minneapolis and is currently living with the potential adoptive couple, fiddler reports. 
trump keeps repeating ridiculous throwaway lines that are not true at all and sort of avoiding this issue of russia as if we're some kind of fools for asking the question, president shepard smith said thursday. 
in december, obama won a second term, according to a new washington post - abc news poll. 
the program first works out whether an appeal is possible through a series of simple questions, such as there clearly visible parking signs, and then guides users through $ 4m of parking tickets. 
? i think the people getting parking tickets are the most vulnerable in society, ? browder tells venture beat. 
? the president, obviously, believes it's important for the institution of the presidency to pay his respects to somebody who dedicated three decades of his life to the institution of the supreme court, ? earnest said. 
white house press secretary josh earnest said the president will go to the supreme court on friday, per politico, and the white house made it clear that the president gives the right to select a well qualified candidate to the supreme court. 
we could see no physical signs like there had been a scuffle ( or ) there had been a fight, says trayvon martin. 
maybe the battery will be empty before we contact again, says the head of operations for philae. 
mcconaughey will coteach the class with hunger games director gary ross and scott rice, who will take students behind the scenes of free state of jones. 
we are talking about putting out as many as 17 or 18 bowls of dog food, says sebring, who was arrested by the florida fish and wildlife conservation commission. 
feeding bears results in bears losing their fear of people, says a probable cause affidavit. 
at the risk of being as muppet - y self - righteous as sam the eagle, the scattershot comedy isn't nearly as clever or subversive as it thinks it is, he writes in the hollywood reporter. 
taylor's general manager tells the national enquirer that the governator was a former head of security at the sacramento hyatt regency. 
schwarzenegger's attorney, martin singer, calls the story completely false, entertainment tonight reports. 
a few months later, she was horrified to find her daughter hessy's picture on the front cover of sonne ins hause. 
it seems like the president has decided again to campaign instead of govern, said the chairman of the house budget committee. 
i was blown away, says maroon 5 singer adam levine, who is offering to pay for christina grimmie's funeral. 
as part of our interactions with you, including more than 14 face - to - face and teleconference meetings, hundreds of - face and teleconference meetings, we provided you with specific feedback on study protocols and analytical validation requirements, including statistical and analytical validation strategies, notes the post,
a lawyer for jenkins'mother, tereasa martin, says graphic and disturbing images ( that ) inexplicably show portions of kenneka ? s body exposed. 
the photographs show jenkins was still wearing jeans and jean jacket, but the shirt beneath her jacket was pulled up exposing her breasts, the police report says. 
the hart family's suv was found crashed at the bottom of a rocky shoreline around 15 miles to the north, reports koin 6. 
a passerby called police about an upside down suv that was fallen over a cliff and into the pacific ocean. 
the fbi interviewed tamerlan tsarnaev, who found no connection with terrorist groups, an fbi official tells cnn. 
? we presented the evidence and explained the law, dallas county district attorney faith johnson said at a news conference. 
overall dissatisfaction with the gop field remains high, with as many respondents saying they are unhappy with their choices, according to a new washington post. 
dianne feinstein, dianne feinstein, defended her committee's first since the head of the senate intelligence committee charged that the cia had searched the panel's computers. 
adults eat nearly 92 % of the food they put on their plates, according to the researchers. 
? did ms krajnc obstruct, interrupt or interfere with the lawful use, enjoyment, or operation of the property, ? said a rep for the judge. 
this sketchbook was known only to the owners, myself, and the publisher, says a french official, per afp. 
the militants had decided to succeed in the operation as planned, to blow up the gas complex, and kill all the hostages, says algerian communications minister mohamed. 
i think i can speak for all of the women in the senate when i say we are very surprised, amazed, and very resolute to do something about it, ? said the former mayor of san francisco's senate chief. 
cambria county coroner jeff lees told wjac that theresa plummer accidentally touched something so strong it killed her. 
los angeles police chief charlie beck says sarkar left a note at the ucla scene asking authorities to check on his cat. 
the father of nsa leaker edward snowden told reporters at the airport that he thinks his son deserves a nobel peace prize, per cnn. 
the russians seek to exploit vulnerability and weakness wherever they detect it, general mark carleton - smith told the daily telegraph. 
we will take action against the american company so that it immediately withdraws its campaign, culture minister dario franceschini tweeted. 
the second full moon in a month is a blue moon on july 2, and we'll have another full moons ), but the maine farmers'almanac notes the third full moon in a season that has four. 
mike evans donated $ 11, 000 to the family of gregory hill, who was shot and killed by a st. 
hill's family, which filed a wrongful death lawsuit, found hill 99 % responsible for his own death. 
evans asked how he could help the family in a tweet saturday and was directed to a gofundme page that was created after the verdict. 
woof, this was a congested wheeze of an episode, packed with sketch after sketch of unimaginative premises, indifferently executed, steve carell, the boss from the office, tells the post. 
but really, this video is just an extended string of trump burns, targeting his hair, his twitter addiction, his bullying behavior, and his repeated failures as a businessman, he writes in a facebook post. 
grannik said schneider had lost his job as an air traffic controller for the federal government as a result of the case. 
? crown prince felipe vi was proclaimed the new king's throne at midnight wednesday and there were no ritzy official celebrations. 
gregory arthur weiler ii, who was arrested last week at a motel in miami, according to a police affidavit. 
police searched the room and allegedly found various documents out of weiler's plan to set off bombs. 
weiler has been admitted to mental hospitals multiple times, but with his medication, he was perfectly fine and functional, says family members. 
settgast agreed to sell the slice to lawrence stifler and mary mcfadden of $ 425, 000 for it and that it's rightfully theirs. 
? president obama's speech ranks as the shortest acceptance speech by an incumbent in 36 years. 
? i can convince anyone of anything, ? says nicky spurgeon. 
the supreme court's decision to strike down the sb 1070 immigration law boggles the mind. 
? i would have liked to see where we would have the authority to arrest illegal aliens just by being here illegally and book them into our jails, but that ? s not going to happen, ? arpaio told knxv. 
they will be able to call on this technology to help stop sex offenders from reoffending and leaving more innocent victims in their wake, says justice minister jeremy wright. 
it was just chaos, shoemaker says, describing the scene of the wreck on us highway 80 in chunky, a town near the alabama border. 
salazar was found safe in high water on friday, and the deputy was found clinging to a tree. 
carmine carini, 35, was found on the body of drywall compound and his body wrapped in a blue tarp sealed with duct tape. 
surely we ? ve got bigger fish to fry than this, foye writes in the video, which would never come. 
trump, who has offered mixed messages on russian interference in us elections ? acknowledged in a tweet that the midterms are a likely target. 
meanwhile, two senators introduced bipartisan legislation to impose new russian sanctions, saying the us must make it abundantly clear that we will defend our nation. 
a search team later found the boy's skull and other bones, which they buried his son's remains. 
today marks another milestone in the development of a whole new scientific paradigm for the treatment of serious diseases, says fda commissioner scott gottlieb. 
she has had leading roles as deputy national security adviser kate harper in the west wing, murder one, and thank god my three little girls weren ? t in the car with him pic. 
we believe shareholders should question whether payouts were fully earned in respect of the past fiscal year, says proxy advisory firm glass lewis. 
the shin bet ( israel's security agency ) arrested three palestinians recruited online by an al - qaida operative. 
the results underestimate the problem since they don't include self - injuries treated in doctors'offices or elsewhere, says one behavioral scientist. 
kenny has been placed on administrative leave pending results of an investigation by the state's division of criminal investigation, reports the ap. 
and, you know, they can be sick as hell and they ? re geniuses in a certain way, trump told chuck todd. 
anthony weiner pleaded guilty to transmitting sexual material to a minor, reports the daily news. 
this is weiner's story, and it's a sad one, crawford's problems, in a weird way, has its roots in one of the weirdest political stories of the social media age. 
? trust in our government depends upon the executive branch keeping its word, ? says mark rosenbaum of the public counsel law center. 
house bill 2875 would impose a tax of five cents per pound on wholesale coffee. 
half of those funds will go toward the oregon national guard youth challenge program, which could be used for cost of operations and capital construction. 
the new tax would require a three - fifths majority from oregon house of representatives and senate in order to pass the bill. 
a spokesman for house republicans says the tax on coffee is clearly not a proposal oregonians would support, and we hope democrats will disavow it just as quickly as they introduced it. 
starbucks ceo howard schultz is unfazed by china's slowest pace in 25 years. 
his dad is always looking dapper, and his mom has become a worldwide fashion icon since becoming first lady, ford springer writes in a daily caller. 
on monday, conservative news outlet the daily caller, chelsea clinton, was attacking barron for the t - shirt and shorts. 
the sheriff's deputies rescued three children from the couple's residence on march 14, citing horrific conditions and an emaciated 8 - year - old girl who looked like a concentration camp victim. 
they can live out their days lounging with their friends, snacking on watermelon, running on wheels, chasing their tails, whatever they want to do, says a director of apopo. 
the plane was totally destroyed and all the bodies were burned and difficult to identify, soelistyo says, per the ap. 
eight dogs, six pit bulls, and two mixed - breeds, were taken from the home of four dogs, the ap reports. 
asked if he knows what abedin's role would be in clinton's campaign, would be weiner, a longtime aide to hillary clinton, cbs news reports. 
clinton said she would be weighing on other big issues in the coming months. 
fertitta will fork over a check to current owner leslie alexander for $ 2. 
pennsylvania state police say a woman in driving under the influence were arrested for two drunken - driving crashes in the same day. 
more than 1, 100 students identify themselves as native american throughout the university of minnesota system. 
courage is facing down a tank in tiananmen square or a machine gun nest on the beaches of normandy, the ap reports. 
trump's first national security adviser, michael flynn, secured a guilty plea for trump's law and order agenda. 
the guy sitting in front of me on the plane was wearing a comfy cotton dress, a baggy flannel shirt, and bright scarf. 
? it is 10 to 20 times larger than the second - biggest ring, so this thing is absolutely gargantuan, ? says the lead author at the university of maryland, college park. 
the study found that the phoebe ring is made mostly of tiny particles, and the university of virginia, the university of maryland, and caltech, which found the outermost ring is much bigger than the size of a soccer ball. 
? if that material was coming inward and coating the face of iapetus, then maybe we could see the ring, ? said hamilton, who said, maybe ring isn ? t even the right word anymore. 
? well, i ? m definitely not going to run back, kostelnick said recently that he knew he wasn't ready to attempt it then. 
this is one of the most important steps that i have seen in recent years, says study leader jerry silver. 
the complaint says monroe cast an in - person absentee ballot in shorewood on nov. 
a strong majority of my members support laws that define traditional marriage, protect religious institutions, and protect individuals from being forced to violate their personal moral values, says senate president susan wagle. 
this was an incredibly technical and complex rescue mission with a lot of inherent risk, says the national park service website. 
a family source tells people that mcgregor was spotted kissing his costar mary elizabeth winstead, reports the sun. 
mcgregor, 21, jamyan, 16, esther, 15, and anouk, 6, was married in 1995, when mavrakis met mavraki qc. 
the data trove reportedly contains usernames, scrambled passwords, birthdates, and hashed passwords. 
tech news site recode broke the news, saying sources tell her that the breach is widespread and serious ?, with the likelihood of investigations led by the government. 
deputies ask that if anyone spots the vehicle or the suspects to call 911, police say. 
the merger is a company more associated with snickers and twix than with veterinary care ? want to be so heavily involved in animal hospitals. 
the whole intention of these ads is to raise awareness, and that's what we're doing, says amy runyon - harms, executive director of progressnow colorado. 
the family is pressing police to file hate crime charges, and she was arrested on suspicion of battery, reports the ap. 
we will not allow our country ever to be at the mercy of commodity price volatility or external markets, said prince mohammed bin salman, who is deputy crown prince. 
the sheriff told the courier news that to prevent copycats, he won't disclose how the drug was concealed in the drawings. 
hatch uses ? attractive ? to describe personalities, not appearances, ? senator orrin hatch said. 
one contender for the smallest thing in the universe is the singularity at the center of a black hole, but i don't believe they're of infinite density. 
? rick perry, a ex - texas governor, blanked on the energy department's name in a list of agencies he promised to abolish ? memorably concluding with oops. 
we know that there was a really bad storm that came in really quick out of nowhere, steven beare says. 
the search was turned up more than 20 guns, including shotguns, a tactical rifle, and handguns, and more than 400 rounds of ammunition. 
christian gomez, 23, was booked for first - degree murder when his brother called 911 to report the gruesome scene at the house, the san francisco chronicle reports. 
the unnamed woman, a german citizen, was booked on a thomas cook flight from vienna to the caribbean to the caribbean. 
world wide technology's jim kavanaugh has 99 % approval, while the clorox company's 99 % approval. 
we tend to focus on our words when we want to come across as powerful to others, says study co - author of san diego state. 
groups campaigning to clean up interpol celebrated the win, as south korea's police and foreign ministry said in a statement. 
this is a real humiliation for putin, who thought he'd get away with it, says financier bill browder and ex - oil tycoon mikhail khodorkovsky. 
six passengers and a pilot were on board the papillion grand canyon helicopters chopper when it crashed around 5, 20pm saturday on the hualapai nation near quartermaster canyon, hualapai nation chief francis bradley said. 
what happened in soma is not fate, it is not caused by an electrical situation as presented to the public in the first statements, says the chamber of electricians. 
the inspection revealed that the systems to sense poisonous and explosive gases in the mine and the systems to manage the air systems were insufficient and old, the chamber says. 
? i think the russians clearly intervened in the election and i think that, ? podesta said in newsday. 
jonas bevacqua, co - founder of the irvine - based clothing company lrg, was found dead in a laguna beach home around the orange county coroner's office. 
as president obama, the great - grandson of the dinner's namesake, shared some jokes of romney and al smith iv, a former new york times. 
obama, i've heard some people say,'barack, you're not as young as you used to be, he said, adding, i've heard some people say,'barack barack, you're not as young as you used to be. 
? american actor randy quaid and wife evi quaid were arrested for being a potential flight risk after trying to cross into the us from canada. 
randy quaid, who withdrew his refugee claim, applied for permanent resident status, according to court documents. 
the virginia department of emergency management says the state's death toll has been killed by a metal carport that was thrown in the air. 
among adults whose lives are ended for psychiatric reasons, the most common conditions are depression, personality disorder, and asperger ? s syndrome, a mild form of autism, per the guardian. 
robert bowers, 46, was charged with 29 federal counts, including 11 counts of hate crimes, obstruction of exercise of religious beliefs resulting in death, and obstruction of exercise of religious beliefs resulting in bodily injury to a public safety officer. 
bowers is charged with 11 counts of criminal homicide, six counts of aggravated assault, and 13 counts of ethnic intimidation, according to wtae. 
at no time have i ever lent credence to a rumor that the song was inspired by anything other than eddie grant ? s electric avenue, neville wailer said later. 
? it was not a regular thing, ? rayhons told the agent, who said he never touched her when she didn't want it. 
there is a saying that goes,'even when dogs bark, the parade goes on,'the president of the united nations general assembly says. 
? i feel sorry for his aides, trump said when asked about reporters about trump calling north korean leader kim jong un. 
trump is scheduled to meet with japanese prime minister shinzo abe and moon jae - in, the white house said in a phone call. 
i don ? t see any reason to doubt the reasonableness of those views, she said to a justice department memo, per the ap. 
a dangerous place, a place you wouldn ? t want to live too long, says the co - author of the evening mail. 
cherie amoore, 32, has been charged with kidnapping of a minor, false imprisonment, interference with the custody of a child, and other related charges, according to king of prussia. 
i would say half the senate have no idea what cap - and - trade is and could not explain it, ? rockefeller told the hill, adding that there would be nothing better than for us to talk about over the summer than democrats pushing a huge new energy tax. 
we have a duty to show the world that cannabis consumption can be done in a safe and responsible manner in compliance with state laws and federal enforcement guidelines, says the author of the coming weeks, we will be implementing new features to strengthen our compliance even beyond what is currently required. 
gilead's chief financial officer says the company had avoided nearly $ 10 billion in taxes by not bringing some of its foreign profits back to the us. 
? chp is on scene and advised that she is chained to something, ? a radio dispatcher told the sacramento bee. 
being in a hurry, i don't know what to do, being searched for everywhere, not being safe, el bakraoui, 29, and his brother, khalid el bakraoui, 27, and the subway bomber at the metro station. 
he as an acute interest in these proceedings, says an attorney for the president, who was hired wednesday night for additional time. 
we are going to keep our citizens safe and regardless, we are going to keep our citizens safe, including all the way up to the supreme court, trump said during a rally at the nashville rally. 
buress, who also calls justin bieber's of mice and men, put in plain terms exactly how he felt about the guest of honor, they say that you roast the ones you love, but i don't like you at all, man. 
this is exactly why you don't want a bunch of politicians, mostly male, making decisions about women's health care decisions, said president mourdock in his address, per politico. 
evidentially, they felt they had the time to go back in, harrell said in a experience that 90 % of people who go back into a fire don't make it out alive. 
ri yong jin, a former agriculture minister, was arrested for dozing off during a meeting with kim and charged with corruption before being killed, the conservative daily reports. 
no sitting president has visited havana since president calvin coolidge traveled next month, reports cnn. 
the brief visit in mid - march will mark a watershed moment for relations between the us next month, says the officials. 
ted cruz, whose father emigrated from cuba, said obama shouldn't visit while the castro family remains in power. 
the prosecutor also confirmed that laachraoui was believed to be among the brussels bombers, but intelligence sources tell nbc news that laachraoui was found on a suicide belt at the bataclan music venue that was targeted by the terrorists. 
the only non - european companies to sign are pvh, the parent company of calvin klein and tommy hilfiger, and loblaw of canada. 
england was charged with assault, theft, and child endangerment, and the charges were due to the fact. 
davis went back into the house, then came back outside with a handgun and shot harmon, prosecutors say. 
at least 2 million people have been infected with antibiotic - resistant bacteria each year, and at least 23, 000 people die. 
the islamic state of iraq and al - sham has launched a raid on tal afar, a town of anbar province to the west, ninevah and salahuddin provinces to the north, reports the ap. 
he was harassed so much that he once pissed in his sweatpants, an officer at the fort leonard wood base said. 
parker says the man saw a doll in a car seat in the back of the truck, which was parked outside the grandmother's residence. 
the significant interception of giant african snails is the first time this pest has been encountered in such large quantity and as a consumption entry by cbp in los angeles, says the us customs and border protection official. 
ryder johnson, who was last seen in january after finishing his shift at the eldora ski resort near nederland. 
the official says the arrest was tied to the investigation into posting of personal information about republican senators on the site. 
a bot that tracks edits to wikipedia pages found that changes were made from a computer on capitol hill on the house side. 
san antonio police chief william mcmanus called it a robbery gone really, really bad, reports the san antonio chronicle. 
according to preliminary reports, police chief william mcmanus says two other people were shot and killed, reports the san antonio chronicle. 
the down economy has really been a double - edged sword in many ways because ( students ) and their parents have fewer resources to pay for college costs, which may lead them to take on more debt, says debbie cochrane, whose institute for college access and success. 
robin lee, a 45 - year - old man who was arrested on suspicion of abstracting electricity and was arrested for unacceptable behaviour after he became aggressive towards a police community support officer. 
top ceos like apple ? s tim cook, microsoft's mark zuckerberg, amazon, and facebook's mark zuckerberg. 
i know who i am and what i want and i just can't find a man who is worthy of my time and attention, stuckey says, per the ap. 
almost every case has something like this, a woman's project has filed an amicus brief in the minnesota supreme court. 
we want to demonstrate that there is an emerging consensus developing on how to preserve medicare, ryan told the washington post. 
now, the former prosecutor is speaking out to abc news and the boulder daily camera and the boulder county district attorney mary lacy based her decision to exonerate members of the ramsey family. 
the johns samples are developed from multiple people, jonbenet, an unknown male, and a third unidentified person, per the daily camera. 
she i and i were sitting side - by - side and scott was sitting on the floor, and she said the baby was kicking, so i put my hand on her stomach, because i ? d never felt him kick, says laci peterson's mother. 
health minister maria isabel rodriguez says beatriz was in a stable condition and that beatriz was threatening her life. 
we're just doing an exercise, ? and then all of a sudden they ? ve moved all these people and capabilities somewhere, ? said army forces in europe, the army's army forces said. 
this artificial buffoonery over the routine zapad - 2017 exercises is aimed at justifying the sharp intensification of the nato bloc ( activities ) along the perimeter of russian territory, the russian deputy foreign minister told the interfax news. 
there really are more of the majestic birds of prey setting up shop in the urban eastern areas of the state, says andrew vitz of the state division of fisheries and wildlife ornithologist. 
hasan is facing a closing statement that would allow the death penalty, and the judge told jurors for a verdict that would allow the death penalty. 
even in a city like san francisco, they're willing to appoint someone who has a high state and national profile on this issue, says cordileone, and the us bishops'concern, about gay marriage. 
paranoia is very high, says scott wiener, who represents the san francisco district in the castro district. 
dwayne wade ? s cousin was just shot and killed walking her baby in chicago, ? trump tweeted on saturday. 
if i leave this earth today, it said, at least youll know i care about others more then i cared about my damn self, wrote the teen, who posted a prophetic message. 
he called a truce on social issues, and he was the first to fold, says nancy keenan of naral pro - choice america. 
everyone deserves the license to explore the nature of his own soul, writes sasha shulgin, a psychedelic pioneer, and inspiring human being. 
the second man executed several people to death in trials often broadcast live on state television. 
lenhardt also told her sponsor that she had shown pornographic photos, including photos of her and her current boyfriend having sex. 
1 trillion funding bill last monday would be set aside for overseas operations, including military activity in afghanistan and assistance for the growing flow. 
the agreement restore the tsa's overall screening personnel at 46, 000, and the department of homeland security would face a reduction in funding from $ 336 million. 
the ap reports that japan has announced that they were planning to raise the nuclear evacuation zone to the maximum level of 7. 
based on the cumulative data we've gathered, we can finally give an estimate of total radioactive materials emitted, says hidehiko nishiyama, spokesman for japan's nuclear and industrial safety agency. 
2 million terabecquerels into the air ? about 10 times that of the fukushima plant, officials said. 
sources say keith is pocketing well in excess of $ 7 million and is nothing new to olbermann's twitter feed. 
he liked the flagstaff road area and kind of the overlooks of boulder, ryder's father tells the ap. 
ryder johnson, who was last seen in january after finishing his shift at the eldora ski resort near nederland. 
state police say 29 - year - old joseph adam white, 29, was at the meadville barracks for his police cadet lie detector exam. 
joseph adam white, 29, allegedly told the examiner that he had had consensual sex and other contact with the girl in 2011. 
? i'm honored to be chosen, proud to represent the us, and humbled by the significance of carrying the flag and all it stands for, ? the country's most decorated olympian of all time. 
it sounds like the new slogan is no longer'hope and change,'priebus said on cbs's face the nation. 
for me, idris elba is a bit too rough to play the part of james bond, the guardian reports. 
that oyster was like a razor blade, like a surgeon ? s scalpel, it went straight through, says michelle o'brien. 
one of the fusarium strains is the most popular fruit in the world, and the banana is very susceptible to the strain of cavendish bananas. 
demille's silent film epic, the ten commandments, was filmed in the guadalupe - nipomo dunes in 1923. 
the video also shows the child placing the muzzle of the gun in her mouth, according to a police statement. 
barnes, who was charged with child neglect, criminal recklessness with a deadly weapon, and allowing a child to possess a firearm. 
2, all life on earth weighs about 550 gigatons, and the dry weight of the carbon that makes the structure of all living things. 
there is a growing group of folks looking at this and realizing that we don ? t have a lot of cards as it relates to the tax issue, the tennessee republican told fox news. 
i am absolutely considering running for governor, as well as giving other options some consideration, says newark mayor cory booker. 
if hillary clinton decides to run for president in 2016, it'd be virtually impossible for any democrat to beat her for the democratic nomination, former house speaker newt gingrich says. 
the task force is investigating the cases of all six women, even those formerly considered suicides, but the coroner ruled that it was a suicide. 
the man caught the sexually transmitted infection in southeast asia and contracted the infection from a sexual encounter with a woman. 
you can ? t talk about the pacific crest trail without mentioning the crowds, says scientist pete brook. 
presidio county judge cinderela guevara, who pronounced scalia dead, died of a heart attack, per abc news. 
if you ? re asking for an autopsy, that ? s what we need to clarify, presidio county judge cinderela guevara told wfaa. 
as part of my investigation one of the things i did ask the sheriff and the u marshal,'were there any signs of foul play, he said. 
he would tell them, ? your teacher will be out again tomorrow, so i ? m having a party for you, ? lawyer brian claypool tells the daily news. 
she'd start giggling and then pick out two pretty girls and walk them over to the door, lawyer brian claypool tells the daily news. 
he has also discussed the possibility of launching a mini - media conglomerate'outside his existing tv - production business. 
? i know she is going through as much pain as i am feeling, ? says sandra walker. 
sotomayor gave the government until friday to file a response in the case, the ap reports. 
the customs and border protection faxed a summons to twitter last month requesting the user's account login, phone number, mailing address, and ip address. 
the rights of free speech afforded twitter's users and twitter itself under the first amendment of the us constitution include a right to disseminate such anonymous or pseudonymous political speech. 
? the bodies of japanese wwii soldiers have been discovered in a cave in the tiny pacific nation of palau. 
mary kristene chapa, 18, was shot in the head along with girlfriend mollie judith olgin, 19, and her girlfriend mollie judith olgin. 
watts was taken in critical condition to grady memorial hospital with burns on 85 % of his body, per the ap. 
in our wildest dreams we never expected to find what we did, professor mark williams tells cbc. 
when leaders in various fields ask me for advice, my response is always the same, dialogue, dialogue, dialogue, catholic news service said in a statement, per usa today. 
the us national oceanic and atmospheric administration has recommended that humpbacks be split into 14 population segments in order to be removed from the endangered list. 
anyone consenting to part with their phones for the duration of the meal by leaving their mobile devices at the door will be eligible to receive a 5 % discount, the restaurant owner says. 
eva is home, and we want to create that environment of home, and we want people to connect again, says eva restaurant owner mark gold. 
i apologize from my heart to those who have died or been injured, the chief executive of the japanese supplier takata said in a statement. 
we don't know whether this big void is horizontal or inclined, says the muon's grand gallery. 
foster - man charles foster, who also spent time in the wild as a badger, an otter, a deer, a fox, and a bird. 
police identified the victim as a 19 - year - old freshman at jackson state university died from being shot in the face and killed at an off - campus apartment pool party. 
it appears that transparency lends itself equally to being both a tool of democracy or a partisan weapon, the promise of open data supposed to lead to open - minded discussion. 
to me, if you were going to design a trigger for this disease, this would really fit the mold really well, says bebo, the new york times. 
yonatan daniel aguilar, who was diagnosed with autism, was found dead in a closet at a bedroom closet, reports the los angeles times. 
yonatan daniel aguilar stopped going to school and seemingly disappeared, according to the times. 
67, that's still a record for gas prices, is expected to fall to $ 3. 
the military today reiterated that the north's latest nuclear test is behind the striking range of the d - 52s take off, and naval bases in japan and okinawa. 
the army also said it would review its military and intelligence cooperation with washington, the first since the raid, appeared aimed at countering both charges. 
or it could be a rather elaborate way of describing someone regarded as a halfwit ?, that is the way that he would think of performing the sexual act. 
fuck is a word of germanic origin, jesse sheidlower writes in his book, the f word, which is related to words in several other germanic languages, such as dutch, german, and swedish, to strike ? or to move back and forth. 
police say the suspects were in their late 20s or early 30s, but one showed a gun. 
new york city mayor bill de blasio told new york 1 friday that the city will do a full review of what happened here. 
? i think what people think ( it means is that when a horse dies in the movies, it didn ? t really die, ? a national aha board member tells thr. 
president obama ultimately released the long - form version of his birth certificate that shows he was born in hawaii on august 1961. 
he said the category would be potent potables, a common one on jeopardy, but one we somehow had never done. 
thomas, 45, won a record with 45 hot dogs to take the women's championship last year. 
? if president obama acts in defiance of the people and imposes his will on the country, congress will act, ? mcconnell said on politico. 
this will definitely help our family no longer live in fear, fear that we will have to drop everything if our parents are deported, says isaura pena, 20, whose father and mother lack legal status. 
johnny duckworth found $ 3, 000 from randy's southside diner in grand junction, and handed it over to his boss. 
an fbi agent wrote in an affidavit that crimes have been committed, according to an fbi agent. 
release the photo and you undo some of that, though, by treating him like a big enough deal that the world should gawk at his fate, writes barbie zelizer at the book about to die, how news images move the public. 
i'd like to send a message home, this prize is for you, thai director boonrasethakul told the crowd at the festival de cannes. 
the researchers found that life expectancy in women could jump from 84 by 2030. 
the league - topping performance is due to improvements in its economy and education, says the authors, per the times. 
in france, japan, spain, new zealand, new zealand, and australia are also expected to hit at least 89 years, up from around 85. 
ford had no crack video at the time of a drunken romp at a ster, the mayor said. 
the bbc reports that prince harry and meghan markle's wedding, but the bbc reports that the couple will be held at st george's chapel, windsor castle. 
the plain meaning medical technology is of, relating to, or concerned with physicians or with the practice of medicine ? and ? requiring or devoted to medical treatment, ? the court says. 
of course woody did not molest my sister, says moses, who is estranged from farrow and many of his siblings. 
i see now that this was a vengeful way to pay him back for falling in love with soon - yi, he wrote to the surrogate ? s court judge. 
winshape foundation quit funding the most controversial and politically charged anti - same - sex - marriage groups, reports the detroit tribune. 
once again, drug smuggling organizations have demonstrated their creativity in attempting to smuggle large quantities of narcotics across the us / mexico border. 
gaye's children filed an injunction in court tuesday to prevent the copying, distributing, and performing elements of the r & b icon's hit got to give it up. 
many avoided any talk about ? making a murderer, ? or simply spotted my notebook and walked away. 
he said 43 of the almost 300 students in the class were cheating and turned themselves in to the school. 
thomas, 44, pleaded guilty to third - degree murder on the death of boyfriend keeno butler, who agreed to a sentence of 18 to 36 years in state prison. 
dean - charles chapman is currently known on game of thrones for playing king tommen baratheon, who was recast from the character's brother joffrey's death. 
the head of the trento health service says the girl had been treated for her diabetes at the trento hospital, where two other children were recovering from malaria. 
med express sued nicholls for giving negative feedback on ebay, she bought a microscope light for her employer in 2013. 
when med express sued nicholls for giving negative feedback on ebay, she didn't back down and remove the feedback. 
the dead zone, which measured 5, 052 square miles this summer, is the second largest in the world, and the second smaller zone in the baltic sea. 
it's been a question if i was at fault for his death, and i've carried it for so long, he told cbs news. 
that terminates or in any way effects ( her ) rights as surviving spouse, says a lawyer for jan rooney's lawyer. 
she cannot resist her additional five minutes of fame, augustine's executoor said in his will totally without merit, cnn reports. 
an employee shall not use his public office for his own private gain, for the endorsement of any product, service or enterprise, or for the private gain of friends, relatives, chaffetz said in a letter to chaffetz. 
they are in fact photos of our suspect, and we have all opened up an internal investigation to determine the source of the leaks of those photos to the public, says the las vegas metropolitan police. 
the prime minister's claim to the public, that ? there is no and there never has been any mass surveillance ?, is false, ? the former nsa analyst tells the intercept. 
bronfman, who was part of an inner circle of loyalists who committed a broad range of serious crimes from identity theft and obstruction of justice to sex trafficking, all to promote and protect raniere and nxivm. 
also arrested tuesday, the organization's longtime president, lauren salzman, was arrested on charges of racketeering conspiracy. 
allison mack, who was part of an inner circle of loyalists who committed a broad range of serious crimes from identity theft and obstruction of justice to sex trafficking, all to promote and protect raniere and nxivm, the son of a former mexican president tells the ap. 
the nassau county police department is very concerned about this situation, says the sponsor of the nassau county police department. 
the captured pirates will most likely be handed over to the authorities of countries in the region, a spokesman for russia's foreign ministry says. 
? president trump has shown courage, and true love of the israeli people and their capital, and these days are following his lead in giving jerusalem its rightful status, says the head of the first baptist church in dallas. 
? a veteran detective and the murder suspect were killed thursday and found both men dead, cnn reports. 
other officers in the police department heard gunshots ring out and discovered that both the suspect and the detective were deceased. 
unruh said her son told spacey he was of legal age to drink, and when my son was drunk, spacey bought him drink after drink after drink and when my son was drunk, spacey said in a press conference. 
unruh appeared with attorney mitchell garabedian, who has represented clergy sexual abuse, filed a police report last week and provided evidence to nantucket police. 
they said this was the worst thing they had ever seen in their lives, and these are seasoned detectives, the police department spokeswoman says. 
loehmann and frank garmback were investigating a 911 report of a guy with a gun outside the cudell recreation center. 
i knew it was a gun and i knew it was coming out, says the grand jury of the cuyahoga county grand jury. 
smith became belligerent and uncooperative with the process and with the tsa agent, who was randomly selected for secondary screening. 
we knew that these processes had been happening, says lead author marco tedesco, a professor at columbia's lamont - doherty earth observatory. 
the data suggests that taking acetaminophen for longer periods and later in pregnancy is associated with higher risks, researchers say. 
researchers say parents stop swaddling before a child turns six months old to place a baby on its back to sleep. 
our costs are double that of europe and nearly four times, ford australia ceo bob graziano says. 
lohan had completed 21 of 360 hours required at the skid row shelter for women, according to law enforcement sources. 
lohan's probation progress related to a 2007 drunk - driving conviction and a may misdemeanor theft conviction, reports the ap. 
i understand people want the story, pictures, proof that this was not some sort of hoax, plan to gain money or some fabricated race war, wrote opponent jonny marray. 
the university of new hampshire says it will start accepting gaokao results on applications. 
the babies were born may 11 to parents who had tried to conceive for 17 years, per the ap. 
we need champions like katy now more than ever, her passion, her energy, and, yes, her voice, louder than a lion, said clinton, who was brought to tears. 
prevent a recommendation that women in their 40s should avoid routine mammograms for early detection of breast cancer, cnn reports. 
williams also plans to be returning to the apprentice news, and he'll have a breaking news anchor for breaking news and special reports. 
tom is very happy and relieved that he is moving forward, says a source close to the deal. 
few larvae of any animal species are known to produce sounds or the first larvae, and the first underwater larva has been found to make sounds. 
? hi, it ? s nice to see you all again, it ? s been a while, ? ashley judd, salma hayek, and annabella sciorra said in a video montage on equality and representation at the 90th academy awards. 
this entire fall, the time ? s up movement, everyone is getting a voice to express something that has been happening forever, not only in hollywood, but in every walk of life, ? sorvino told the crowd, per people. 
9 million from the fundamentalist church of jesus christ of latter - day saints hired young children in southern utah and arizona to harvest pecans by hand for commercial sale. 
? president obama has called on peace and calm on the streets, saying the president had no criminal record. 
claire mccaskill, who pledged to make an operational shift in the way ferguson protests are being handled by police, reports the ap. 
the cable guy watched an interview between mccain and cnn's jake tapper about putin's op - ed. 
most channels received funding in the $ 1 million to $ 5 million in exchange for producing a year of content. 
in a tweet late thursday, trump warned of the potential for big danger at the us - mexico border in arizona, demanding, nancy and chuck must approve boarder security and the wall. 
? he will scare the bejesus out of some fifth - level auditor who is going to say ? goodness gracious, maybe i ought to look at whoever he is attacking at the moment, ? says the former acquisition official. 
the cia inspector's look - to - be released senate intelligence committee has ordered the justice department to investigate the allegations of malfeasance. 
i don ? t think state has ever operated on its own, independent of the us military, in an environment that is quite as threatening on such a large scale, ? says james dobbins. 
juneau deputy mayor mary becker says fisk was a long time family friend and was devastated to hear the death of his death, reports the ap. 
the ad also showed a boy in a darth vader costume trying to use the force on objects, including the passat. 
the host, who currently has a show on the nat geo wild channel titled ? cesar 911, caused some concern for viewers who did not see or understand the full context of the encounter. 
the pig that was nipped by simon was tended to immediately afterward, healed quickly, and showed no lasting signs of distress. 
over the last few years, as i ? ve watched too many friends go to the mountains only to never return, i ? ve realized something painful, ? he wrote, adding, over the last few years, as i see both light and dark in climbing. 
they were guessing whenever the person broke in, they were probably surprised i had a pig, and were like,'we don't want to deal with this,'the homeowner says. 
jim turner and kevin o'neill are good people who care a great deal about their profession and the players whom they serve, but both exhibited poor judgment at times which led me to this conclusion, says dolphins owner stephen ross. 
however, it has grown increasingly frustrated with north korea's defiance of us demands that it end missile tests and development of nuclear weapons. 
the faa ordered the inspections be done with an electro - magnetic process that detects cracks invisible to the naked eye. 
however, the entire state of north carolina covered under section 5 of the voting rights act, though several counties were covered by the landmark law. 
we've been confident throughout this case that we would get to trial, and i believe we will get to trial, the attorney for the youths tells the washington post. 
trust me, no one cares more about these animals than us hunters, especially me, bowmar said in a statement to cbc news. 
samsung has made the most impressive smartphone ever created, but samsung's galaxy note7 is the best smartphone money can buy right now. 
man, i love open wheel racing, but something has to change, nascar driver kasey kahne tweeted. 
according to the new york times, the nsa intercepts about 55, 000 images per day. 
the carmel home, built in the style of an english country manor and cost seven years to build, and it took seven years to build. 
the republican governor and his wife released a statement wednesday night that greitens had a sexual relationship with his former hairdresser. 
when president trump took the stage at the conservative political action conference, trump joked, i try like hell to hide the bald spot. 
there is a very real risk of a botched execution, says sean o'brien, a law professor at the university of missouri - kansas city school of law. 
the state of nevada wants to execute dozier on wednesday using fentanyl ? the synthetic opioid ? which involves depriving prisoners of oxygen. 
i could feel her little body tremble violently, as if someone were applying an electric shock to her, and i knew then what i needed to do, she says, adding that she's not a happy. 
and when i finally did come through it, i emerged a different person, she writes in forgetting to be afraid in which an embryo implants outside the uterus. 
davis has previously disclosed the termination of another pregnancy, a medical necessity because the egg was implanted in her fallopian tube. 
there have been 87 cases in genesee county from june 2014 to november 2015, and 10 of those cases resulted in death. 
the video was made by the bank's explanation, apparently standing on a platform training session for their employees, reports the south china morning post. 
the video was taken on saturday when the zhangze rural commercial bank carried out performance training for its 216 staff. 
claire hough, 14, had been beaten and strangled, sand was stuffed in her in her mouth and one of her breasts had been cut off. 
the body of barbara nantais was beaten, strangled, and stabbed, and one of her breasts had been severed, according to police. 
austin said she was hired by salerno protective services a month ago for a 90 - day trial period as a part - time security guard. 
it was hard, but if i have to choose between work and family, i ? m always going to pick my family, says the family's son, who was fired from the birth of their son's arms. 
indiana state police sgt, who had stopped and lowered its stop - arm on the road near rochester around 7am. 
long was found dead in her bed with a gun in her hand, according to police, lying in her bed with a gunshot wound. 
many of the 750, 000 members of the instant pot community on facebook are cult - like worshippers, the chef says. 
tercero allegedly fled the us via international air to nicaragua, according to a police statement. 
the investigation determined that the person of interest has left the united states by international air travel flight, prior to the discovery of haley anderson's body. 
another message was found on westmoreland road, north of i - 30, referring to democratic candidate bernie sanders. 
officials believe the mudslide as a big wall of mud and debris amid the slide, which killed at least eight people, reports ap. 
it was the second straight day that are accessible only by a 26 - mile, winding ice caves on a remote washington state mountainside. 
over half of all financial cheaters admitted hiding a bill, 16 % have hidden a major purchase, 15 % lied about their debts, and another secret bank account. 
meanwhile, a significant number of people admitted hiding major purchases, keeping secret bank accounts, and more than a secret bank account. 
matsu, who posted a tweet, left down house in tears after the gm called up and asked the bartender to hand the phone. 
researchers from the medical university of vienna and the environment agency monitored a group of participants across the world, including finland, italy, japan, the netherlands, poland, russia, and austria. 
this is the first study of its kind, so we are likely exposed to microplastics as a result of plastic contamination from food packaging or processing, says gastroenterologist philipp schwabl. 
plastic particles in the gut could affect the digestive system ? s immune response or could aid the transmission of toxic chemicals and pathogens, schwabl says. 
the general secretary of the ecu says decolletes are partly covered in our regulations, which do you think, is it acceptable to wear short skirts or open decolletes in the playing hall. 
? one of the strongest earthquakes to hit the caribbean in honduras, the ap notes, but puerto rico, the cayman islands, cuba, jamaica, and other caribbean islands. 
it felt like a bulldozer was driving past, says rodrigo anaya rodriguez, a resident along mexico's caribbean coast. 
interim police commissioner gary tuggle says he was appalled by the incident and has zero tolerance for behavior like i witnessed on the video. 
melton, author of bestselling books, is dating soccer star abby wambach, reports the ap. 
ben affleck, who went to ben's pacific palisades home to sit down with her estranged husband, saw a pic of ben affleck. 
so far, at least one mers patient had visited or stayed for treatment, the ap reports. 
i wasn't trying to change the genre, i was just trying to write what i thought, what was interesting to me, she told our newscast unit. 
a new law forcing french companies to give workers the right to ignore their emails and smartphone outside the work hours. 
if you mention a terrorist ? s e - mail address or phone number to a friend overseas, the nsa intends to find out, the new york times reports. 
france's accident investigation agency, bea, tells cnn that the leak could not have come from a bea agent. 
the new group is the fruit of a blessed effort of more than two years to gather the mujahedeen in the indian subcontinent into a single entity, the leader of the terror group said in a video released thursday in which the ap reports. 
when he complained to management, he was told that riders must have at least one fully formed arm all the way down to the fingers. 
bush has been hospitalized but the 92 - year - old is fine and expected to go home in a few days, says the chief of staff. 
a spokesperson for the cedar hill independent school district says heath has been placed on administrative leave and is currently being held at the fort worth jail. 
? a 6 - year - old boy who died after a gunman opened fire at his elementary school in south carolina, dressed as superman. 
the problem is that people don't see themselves as living the burger king lifestyle, says laura ries, president of the brand consulting firm ries & amp. 
more than 24 hours after dorner's burned pickup truck into the snow, police say dorner's footprints were found. 
their teeth are always on display and they are very sharp, says rob townsend of sealife sanctuary and aquarium. 
john caltabiano, 49, said he couldn't drive, cook for himself, exercise at the gym, or even shave without help. 
the girlfriend, who was sentenced to serve 57 months in prison, was serving three years in probation and to pay $ 27, 784 in restitution to the ssa. 
dutch salvage company smit is conducting the operation to pump out the fuel, which is expected to take about four weeks to complete. 
the observation was made with the ratan - 600 radio telescope in southern russia, reports the bbc. 
the signal is provocative enough that the ratan - 600 researchers are calling for permanent monitoring of this target, says paul gilster, author of the centauri dreams. 
? amy adams won a first - class move friday when she gave up her first class seat to an american serviceman who was on her delta flight. 
the country's most powerful insurgent groups have not said whether they will abide by it, but the country's most powerful insurgent groups have yet said whether they will abide by it, the ap notes. 
if the truce holds for a week, the us and russia would begin intelligence sharing and target coordination against the islamic state group and al - qaida - linked militants. 
harry also focused on climate change, the military, and mental health. 
many of the negative experiences she went through could have been avoided if ( she ) had not been prohibited from terminating her pregnancy in the familiar environment of her own country and under the care of health professionals whom she knew and trusted, says the un released on its findings. 
al franken, the amendment to the fy 2010 defense appropriations bill, would bar the government from contracting with companies who prevent workplace sexual assault cases to court. 
i saw this dress on the floor and a docent told me not to bother to pick it up, because they were throwing it away, says james tumblin, formerly in charge of the hair and makeup department. 
other top selling items include a straw hat, a black bonnet worn by leigh de havilland as melanie wilkes, which fetched for $ 52, 500. 
co, tsu founder sebastian sobczak tells the daily news that co - year - old messenger and instagram. 
i don't believe that facebook and instagram want tsu to go viral, facebook says. 
his public record is already besmeared with tawdry divorces, and there are private encounters with the fair sex that doubtless will come out, says former speaker tom delay. 
police officers forced tamir rice's 14 - year - old sister, who was the cruelest thing i've ever seen on video, says the attorney. 
prosecutors will present the case to a grand jury, which will decide whether to criminally indict any officers involved, reports the ap. 
the objective of the cnrdr does not in any way aim to confiscate power, and we solemnly swear to return power to a democratically elected president as soon as national unity and territorial integrity are established, said the cnrdr, which issued the statement. 
the space poop challenge is offering up to $ 30, 000 for more than six days, and the american space agency has launched a hands - free system that routes and collects waste. 
given enough time, infection, and even sepsis can set in, ? says rick mastracchio, who is veteran of space shuttle soyuz, and space station missions. 
more than 20, 000 people accused of drunken driving in new jersey could now be challenged, according to the state's supreme court. 
the high court found criminal charges against a state police sergeant who was in charge of calibrating breath - testing devices on breath test devices that were used in five counties inadmissible as evidence. 
we would never wish the devastation and pain we have experienced on any of you, says patrick downes, who was among the many injured in the boston marathon bombings. 
at least three amish communities are known to have lived in maine before returning to michigan in 2014, investigators tell fox 17. 
authorities also found knight's curiosity in hiding in one of the amish communities in maine. 
in january of this year, latulip told a social worker that latulip had suffered a head injury shortly after arriving in the city years ago. 
? you can move the chess pieces around all you want, ? says jay powell, author of the bipartisan policy center. 
yates, 31, was charged with trafficking and trafficking in drugs and could face up to 16 years in prison and up to a $ 30, 000 fine. 
tyson says the video is inexcusable and said it has fired ten workers who can be seen in the video. 
the hurricane center says irma is expected to remain a powerful hurricane, and the center was forecast to move up the state's gulf coast. 
the center of the massive hurricane made landfall on cudjoe key in the lower florida keys at 9, 10am sunday morning. 
since texas passed hb2 in 2013, more than half of the state's 41 abortion clinics have been forced to close, the study concluded. 
de sousa, who was working undercover for the cia in italy at the time of abu omar's kidnapping, is a scapegoat, reports npr. 
de sousa appealed to portugal's highest court, but the constitutional court said she fears she'll end up in an italian prison. 
the photo, rhein ii's 1999 ) by andreas gursky, the chromogenic color print face to acrylic glass was sold for $ 4. 
schuette also filed criminal charges against two state department of environmental quality employees and one city employee for their roles in the water crisis. 
primary care clinicians were approved by the va health care system, including acetaminophen, ibuprofen, and other antisteroidal. 
tikalsky, who was wearing a jacket at the time, was on break from his work as a school bus driver, judge mark vandelist said. 
i saw a panda jump out in front of me, its body completely covered in mud, says a chinese man who sued local government officials. 
my body naturally wants to look like dick van dyke, says the 6 - 2 actor, who suits up as the green lantern. 
the first vehicle of the chemical weapons investigation team was deliberately shot at multiple times by unidentified snipers in the buffer zone area, the un spokesman said. 
any action could be taken without complete unity on the un security council, british foreign secretary william hague said. 
police can use it to recognize neo - nazi music being played on internet radio stations, and police can react instantly if far - right songs are played on radio stations. 
otto was on the stretcher across in the plane, it looked like someone had taken a pair of pliers and rearranged his bottom teeth, says fred warmbier. 
analysts have long assumed the airline's failure to compete on poor management, unwise business decisions, government meddling, and unfavourable service and supplier contracts stemming from malaysia's crony capitalism. 
british airways recently restarted flights from london to kuala lumpur, which is also expected to reduce the frequency of flights on certain routes. 
hwang pyong so, 66, who was thought to be the second most powerful official after kim, reports the ap. 
the suspect is wanted for questioning in the deaths of suzanne taylor, 45, and her daughters, 21 - year - old taylor pifer and kylie pifer, 18, and kylie pifer, 21, were found in her bed beside the bodies of her daughters, 21, and kylie pifer,
police say the suspect is wanted for questioning in the deaths of suzanne taylor, 45, and her daughters taylor pifer, 21, and kylie pifer, 18, were found dead. 
after first giving a full - throated cry as she burst into the world, the young girl began struggling to breathe, says an police department rep. 
i just don't think they did enough to convince customers that chipotle food was safe to eat, says an equity research analyst. 
? courtney love, frances bean cobain, has been trying to get the guitar ? a martin d - 18e with the bridge flipped so that kurt could play it as a present when they married in 2014, a musician in the eeries says. 
the toxic chemical that sickened a delaware family at a virgin islands resort last month had been used there other times. 
bill bresnan and wife kirsten of toms river have been married for 40 years, reports the boston globe. 
we exchanged notes, drawings, and little scribblings on paper napkins over coffee on the train, kirsten and i began commuting to and from long island, together, on the long island railroad. 
we'll probably have a nice dinner, a special bottle of wine, and a piece of chocolate, bresnan's wife already sent his wife plenty of valentine's day cards. 
it is a lawsuit without merit and we will defend it vigorously, says the president of the miss america organization. 
the coroner's report found that three women, four men, and a 16 - year - old boy who had wounds to their heads, torso, and other parts of the body. 
dewine says 79 pieces of evidence have been sent to a state crime lab for testing and analysis. 
every single year that we ? re on earth, you have huge tons of silt deposited by the mississippi river, by the amazon river, by the nile, by every major river system, because the bottom is moving up, he wrote in a hearing yesterday. 
once the error occurred, protocols for correcting it were not followed through quickly enough by mr, the company said in a statement. 
one of two accounting honchos in charge of handing out the winners ? envelopes at the oscars, pricewaterhousecoopers says. 
stretton hired diane stretton as a vexatious litigant for abusing the legal system, reports the courier. 
the remains found at the property effectively appear to those of denise, says interior minister jorge fernandez diaz. 
the south korean government, i suspect, will not be strongly condemnatory of this test because right now they are very, very keen to get the north koreans to the negotiating table, says andrew salmon, author and author andrew salmon. 
the next thing nevins knew, the incident was all over social media, and the next thing nevins sought to remove a rubber o - ring from the container. 
make no mistake, this was a potentially dangerous situation, pasco sheriff chris nocco said in a statement. 
clinton's campaign blamed her treatment for a smalllobe pneumonia, according to the washington post. 
in an interview with the new york times book review, the new york times notes, there is the whole of existence, on this planet and several others, to think about. 
the owner of a frisco medical company regularly directed nurses to overdose hospice patients with drugs such as morphine, nbc 5 reports. 
president obama has ordered flags at the white house and other federal buildings, as a mark of respect for the senseless acts of violence perpetrated on july 16. 
i've taken valium, hydrocodone, marijuana, xanax, and i think i tried ecstasy once, pretty sure that was it, ? couch said in a testimony obtained by the family's second home in burleson, texas. 
couch, who is still on probation, is now on probation in the crash that killed four people and working at cleburne sheet metal, abc news reports. 
4 % from the start of the recession at the end of 2007 to the end in 2009, the ap reports. 
schettino, who is charged with multiple manslaughter, causing a shipwreck, and schettino denies charges including manslaughter and causing a shipwreck. 
the suspect was arrested on suspicion of handling stolen goods, police say. 
? german police recovered around 100 items that were stolen from yoko ono at her new york home in 2006, the ap reports. 
she was very emotional and we noticed clearly how much these things mean to her and how happy she would be to have them back, prosecutor susann wettley said. 
but animosity is higher than usual following threats by president trump to unleash fire and fury on the north, and pyongyang's stated plan to consider firing some of its missiles toward guam. 
at this point, there isn't anything we can do to stop the virus, says a smithsonian professor at the national museum of natural history. 
the ap reports that bihar, uttar pradesh, west bengal, and assam in the remote northeast are the worst hit. 
these are formed in a way to help the child relax, fall asleep faster, and sleep calmer every night, says carl - johan forssen ehrlin. 
? robert durst's guilty plea in february to seven years in prison for a federal gun crime, where he faces a murder charge in california. 
robert durst will be charged with killing his friend susan berman in 2000 and killing a murder charge. 
consumers, when they go in the grocery store, are going to be a bit shocked when instead of seeing $ 3, agriculture secretary tom vilsack says. 
mccoy was convicted of first - degree murder and sentenced to death, and he wants a new trial. 
in a 911 call, mccoy's mother - in - law, christine colston young, could be heard screaming, she ain't here, robert. 
port authority police officer jesse turano was patrolling the bridge in his cruiser at about 10pm tuesday, when he got a call about a pedestrian. 
i could just tell by his mannerisms and his behavior, turano said when i looked at him. 
a port authority police officer made a rescue of a man attempting to leap to his death from the george washington bridge tuesday night. 
the new york post reports that george washington bridge had a record 43 suicide attempts in 2012, 18 of them resulting in death. 
the detroit news reports that are not presented as satire or humor, the detroit news reports. 
the president of the high court says fleming was the most remarkable witness any member of the court had encountered fleming as in many ways all three judges had ever been privileged to encounter. 
the baby died at a public hospital in brescia public hospital and died at the hospital. 
this is the first time in 30 years of career that i have been involved in a case of native malaria in trentino, an infectious diseases specialist says. 
idatt, who received a playmobil pirate ship for his fifth birthday, says her son had been a birthday present for the neck. 
aimee norman, the aunt who gave the set to the sacramento 5 - year - old, purchased it from toys r us, which was a gift from the pirate ship set for her nephew. 
the lost century of san marcos, one of five forts built during the 21 - year history of the early settlement of santa elena, and a new fort marcos was built on the nearby shoreline. 
let's put our pants back on the right way, drake said in a press release. 
police in beiliu arrested a grave robber, surname zhong, who was buried from the graveyard where it was stolen, reports the bbc. 
we have heard concerns about the complexity of the requirements and the need for more time to implement them effectively, says the treasury official. 
our model predicts nearly complete racial integration upon the emergence of online dating, even if the number of partners that individuals meet from newly formed ties is small, says study author josue ortega. 
it's very unusual for a diamond of this size in this part of the world, says dominion chief executive officer shane durgin. 
? german prosecutors say the co - pilot of germanwings flight 9525 appears to have researched suicide methods and cockpit door security. 
mel b's divorce docs tell the houston couple's wife, stephen belafonte, beat me physically and beat me down. 
around the same time, things got so bad, mel b tried to take her own life by swallowing an entire bottle of aspirin. 
before he could be executed, that sentence was reduced to life in prison, the ap reports. 
i want to let her know i did not know about weinstein ? s crimes, not in the 90s when he attacked her, or through subsequent decades when he proceeded to attack others, she writes in a letter sent to usa today. 
video footage showed cosme putting hot glue on the hands and arms of the five 2 - year - olds, according to cbs chicago. 
gonzalez, 27, was charged with five misdemeanor counts of causing the circumstances of child endangerment, the chicago times reports. 
cosme allegedly caused the hot glue gun to the hands of 2 - year - old children, abc7 reports. 
the nobel prize in physics has been awarded the nobel prize in physics for advances in laser physics. 
tom brady's wife, gisele bundchen, said wednesday that the qb has a history of concussions, but the patriots have never reported one. 
by the time the fire engines reached the plane, the flames were about a meter high, says passenger amit jain. 
scott - heron continued to record through the 1970s and early'80s, before taking a lengthy hiatus and hiatus. 
there are some anecdotal connections between his story and a multitude of characters, david simon, who created the wire's avon barksdale character. 
joseph michael schreiber, 32, faces at least 30 years in prison if convicted of committing monday's arson attack. 
? president trump's lawyers are considering robert mueller, who is overseeing the special counsel, robert mueller, and newsmax ceo christopher sekulow. 
my dad showed me a while back, but he never mentioned that's going on in the photos, poukkula tells rolling stone. 
at the time, poukkula joined the covers with cobain and bassist aaron burckhard, reports e. 
rival imperial tobacco group plc will acquire well - known brands such as kool and maverick for $ 7. 
her heart stopped beating because her respiratory system was suppressed because of the anti - anxiety meds, and combined with the booze it probably happened very quickly before she was found partially submerged in the bathtub, a source tells radar. 
the president - elect mika brzezinski shrugged off the report on cnn's new day, but spicer asked nuclear proliferation that we will outmatch them at every pass. 
i asked one of the nurses what would happen to my baby, and she just said - well, it will be incinerated with the rest of the day ? s waste. 
based on our review, we have not changed our conclusions that we expressed in july, comey said in the new letter to committee chairmen. 
lavrov also met with secretary of state rex tillerson at the state department, where henry kissinger, who served as richard nixon's secretary of state. 
the first two bushes took out dukakis, gore, and kerry ? and how jeb plans to take out hillary. 
? we cannot overstate the public safety hazard that operating motorized scooters pose on city sidewalks, city attorney dennis herrera wrote in a letter to the san francisco times. 
herman cain says he is not going to be the republican nomination for president, he said, adding that cain is not going to be the republican nomination for president. 
san francisco's hard - hitting, opportunistic defense set the tone in the 49ers'thrilling 36 - 32 playoff win the same way it has all season, the ap reports. 
chapman actually played another member of the extended family, martyn lannister, waaaay back in the third season before getting the axe. 
not to scare people, but when there ? s one ( infected ), there's typically another, says hope animal control officer heidi blood. 
i want my kids to know there is no shame in getting help when you need it, and to be a source of strength for anyone out there who needs help but is afraid to take the first step, ? affleck said in a facebook post. 
the museum seized the renoir, which was lent by the baltimore museum of art, which was on exhibit in 1951. 
? the fbi and the justice department are in the process of identifying historical cases for review where a microscopic hair examination conducted by the fbi was among the evidence in a case that resulted in a conviction, the washington post reports. 
joy, who died in june, died six years later, reports the bbc. 
swabs taken from them with parkinson's, and will be scrutinized by machine at the molecular level, says the charity. 
rampal, 63, is a worshiper of kabir, a 15th - century indian mystic worship, was accused of involvement in a murder case dating from 2006 in connection with a 2006 murder case. 
most times that you have death accidents, it was something either ignorant or human error, an amusement park ride safety inspector says. 
lazarre says she was working at the six corners mattress firm last thursday when a woman jogging by a woman told her she wanted to thank her for letting her use the bathroom. 
? a hacker claims no one really cares about unreleased movies and tv show episodes, the ap reports. 
o'connor is now a mother of four, who has four children since achieving the heights of fame, has always turned her back on the conventions of beauty that are apparently necessary for media acceptance. 
she did joke that it was a good thing she'd watched all those ? survivor ? shows that she didn't like, but her dad made her watch anyway, says santina lampman, a longtime family friend. 
max baucus, senate finance committee chairman max van hollen, and house budget committee ranking member chris van hollen. 
fiat has done very well recently in similar studies that measure customer satisfaction and vehicle quality, according to cbs moneywatch. 
rounds, a former insurance executive, has proposed setting a ratio for how much insurers could charge federal requirements for cheaper, simpler plans. 
a white house spokesman says national security adviser john bolton will visit moscow next week to prepare for a meeting with putin. 
born in new jersey, strassman came to los angeles when she was 18, and she died alone, & energy from u is powerful & sends ( love ). 
strassman had a breakout role in the hit comedy movie honey i shrunk the kids, playing his wife, julie i blew up the kids. 
about 87 % of lead actors, 87 % of directors, and 92 % of writers for the top 163 films of 2014 were white, according to a new times. 
california highway patrol officer arturo montiel says joy dianne covey, 50, was the bicyclist killed on a rural stretch of road in san mateo county on wednesday when a southbound minivan turned left onto elk tree road. 
the driver told rincon that her granddaughter was about to give birth and that they needed an ambulance. 
? we fell short when it came to holding some officers accountable for their mistakes, ? brennan said. 
i have decided to return to a schedule that will allow me to focus more on my syndicated newspaper column and other writings, says parker, who will continue to appear on cnn occasionally. 
but experts say the cold snap doesn't disprove global warming at all ? it's just a blip in the long - term heating trend, says gerald meehl. 
the cancer, anaplastic large - cell lymphoma, involves the immune system, and the lymphoma grew in the breast, usually in the capsule of scar tissue that formed around the implant. 
a woman is more likely to be struck by lightning than get this condition, and a woman is more likely to be struck by lightning. 
the suspect's father, jim boulware, identified himself as james boulware, a 35 - year - old with a history of family violence. 
he blames the police for taking his son away from him, says the boy's father, jim boulware of carrollton. 
most people ? s concern is if you allow churches to freely allow political activity ? churches, synagogues, temples, whatever the religious organization, says a tax law professor. 
san francisco's hard - hitting, opportunistic defense set the tone in the 49ers'thrilling 36 - 32 playoff win the same way it has all season, says aldon smith. 
playing defense and protecting the football are what they do best, and the winner led to a 20 - 13 victory over the houston texans on feb. 
warner / chappell acquired the copyright - song happy birthday to you for years and not only covered the song and never widely sung in the world. 
goes - 16 can provide a full image of earth every 15 minutes, and one of the continental u. 
luke's medical center in houston, one of the nation's most celebrated heart transplant hospitals, has performed an outsized number of heart transplants resulting in deaths or unusual complications. 
more than two months would pass before she learned why, she said, according to the hospital. 
ono tried to use a defibrillator to jolt the new heart into rhythm, a common technique in transplants. 
loria bought the team in 2002 for $ 158 million, and solamere capital co - founder tagg romney, and former all - star pitcher tom glavine. 
i will pray for god ? s mercy on all of you, but as far as i ? m concerned, the ) individual ( who ) really did these crimes might really be raping someone out there, might really be killing someone out there, luis vargas told the los angeles superior court. 
? this is the first time i ? ve been slightly alarmed, ? alia salem tells the dallas morning news. 
grimm has sufficiently pled a title ix claim of sex discrimination under a gender stereotyping theory, wrote judge arenda l. 
allen took the case to an appeals court before it was sent back to a lower court last year, the ap reports. 
apart from potential difficulties caused by poor detail on an electronic map, batteries on mobile phones have a nasty habit of running out just when you need them most, a mountain rescue england spokesman says. 
lawrence's estimated gold, 000, and pay a fine of $ 190, 000 in jail, per the mint. 
7 billion, the auto giant will transition to two vehicles ? the mustang and an unannounced vehicle, the focus active, being the only traditional cars it sells in the region. 
the military is concerned about the arrival of unregulated armed militia members currently operating along the southwest border. 
in a powerpoint presentation, the joint force land component commander threat working reported incidents of unregulated national guard equipment. 
house speaker paul ryan released a video of the house gop, which shows ryan giving a speech to a rapt audience, plays like a campaign ad. 
the release of the video is one of the most popular republican figures in the country's national convention in cleveland. 
the nine - member team headed back to missouri tuesday after a 10 - day deployment and was back in loving arms. 
the bridge was designed to evoke the image of the giant hands of gods, pulling a strip of gold out of the land, the design principal says. 
next, the research team tested the participants on color perception accuracy and asked to identify what they were desaturated of color. 
officials warned of a second explosion that it would not pose a health threat, the ap reports. 
the prolonged negotiations over raising the debt ceiling risks undermining confidence in the role of the us dollar as the preeminent global reserve currency, by casting doubt over the full faith and credit of the us - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - - -
i could not disagree with hilary rosen any more strongly, david axelrod said in a statement. 
? the check did clear and was deposited in the bank, ? salvation army spokeswoman julie borgen said. 
militants targeted the city in response to military offensives, including a truck bombing of women and children, reports cnn. 
i think the president would likely tell you, as i think anybody would that has smoked or been addicted to smoking, that it is ? it is a lifelong struggle, the white house physician wrote in the white house. 
ryan dougherty, lee grace dougherty, was behind the wheel, and dylan dougherty drove an ak - 47 at pursuing officers, reports the ap. 
the decision may have a serious impact on the future fight against doping, though the international olympic committee has taken note of the cas decision. 
on the one hand, the confirmation of the anti - doping rule violations clearly demonstrates once more the existence of the systemic manipulation of the anti - doping system at sochi 2014, a statement said. 
avina, a medical clerk at a pain rehabilitation center in emeryville, is survived by her husband and her three daughters ages 1, 4 and 8 and her son, 14. 
it means we'll be putting investigators on overtime and really focusing on this murder, says oakland mayor jean quan. 
the company also announced a update that users to opt into location sharing from desktops, which meant khanna's app wouldn't taken down. 
castoreum is a chemical compound that comes from a beaver's castor sacs, which are located between the pelvis and the base of the tail. 
? you can milk the anal glands so you can extract the fluid, ? a wildlife ecologist tells national geographic. 
william brumby was positioned in the last shooting lane where there was a solid wall on his right - hand side, says the report. 
taylor swift, who will also become the 19th album to sell a million in a single week, and if you're upset that i'm just being myself, then i'm going to be myself more. 
swift will become the fastest - selling album since swift's previous release, red, which sold the last million - selling week to sell more than 1 million copies in its first week. 
if we tried to take our little boy, she's going to get the police and she's going to come and take our little girl, says the restaurant's child. 
it was late into the pregnancy that we learned the boy had down's, farnell told channel 9. 
bezos, who is richard branson's virgin galactic, hopes to carry passengers to space in a vehicle launched from an airplane and that lands like a plane on a runway. 
despite being divorced, director shin sang - ok, was snatched just six months later, and he went to hong kong to look for her. 
the 92 - year - old president was taken to a hospital thursday morning, and the former president has told the organizers he is feeling fine. 
researchers previously assumed the new species of darwin's finch, endemic to a small bird, happened in just two generations. 
according to the study, the average number of cigarettes consumed about 15 cigarettes a day in 1980 and that number had risen to 22. 
given the widespread anxiety right now about upward mobility in the us ? about how today's children can grow up to live more prosperous lives than their parents, but it seems possible that the more respect and even reverence for the idea of marriage in conservative communities affects people's behavior and attitudes toward their
he ? d never seen anything like this before, says steve mcnall, who heads the society for the prevention of cruelty to animals. 
police say a woman never saw the ring from her body in a casket, reports the ap. 
brise did indeed have encounters ? of a supernatural character ? that are ? worthy of belief, green bay's ricken says. 
the announcement came in the deaths of savvas and amy savopoulos and two others, believed to be their son and one of their housekeepers. 
in close encounters, pilots maneuvered to avoid a collision with a drone at least 28 times, according to bard college. 
sandra layne, found guilty tuesday of second - degree murder in death of her 17 - year - old grandson jonathan hoffman. 
it's a final vindication for my son, to restore his good name and reputation, because over the course of the last nine months, it's been tarnished in a very cruel manner, says jennifer hoffman, ex - husband, michael hoffman. 
it looks like there's a single origin, although there are clearly situations where there has been, a little bit of gene flow between wolves and dogs post - domestication. 
we wanted to make sure businesses that were there were successful, says john mcalister, the san francisco chronicle reports. 
vera mol, a 17 - year - old from the netherlands, was standing on a 130 - foot - high bridge on a road bridge with a group of teenagers outside cabezon de la sal, in spain. 
the director of the company that organised the bungee jump, the instructor for aqua21 aventura, will face prosecution for homicide through negligence, the telegraph reports. 
? our neighbors and the entire foothill community are in shock, yet again, according to han barbara, who owned the santa barbara herb clinic since 1991. 
a neighbor tells komo news that he could hear a male yelling, you wanna die. 
bigge regrets that the residents of paradise and butte county have suffered an egregious insult ? during an already devastating time, says the company statement. 
? our entire department, our entire city, mourns this horrific loss of a very brave firefighter, nigro says in a statement, ? our entire department, our entire city member to make the supreme sacrifice while serving our city. 
yuli gurriel, who played a home run in the second inning off los angeles dodgers pitcher yu darvish, usa today reports. 
in the book, wagner was drinking and taking quaaludes with her husband, and splendour, and splendour captain dennis davern. 
a short time later, the captain went to the deck and was told the coast guard wagner is missing. 
perez, who is pregnant, was released on $ 7, 000 bail, was released on $ 7, 000 bail. 
however, a pennsylvania grand jury released a report from the dallas morning news, reports the dallas morning news. 
burns told parishioners that the allegations were found to track paredes had molested three teen boys, reports the dallas morning news. 
the 29 - year - old actress said johansson and her fiance romain dauriac have welcomed a baby girl, whom they'd named rose. 
the mistresses star announced in march that she's giving their second child with husband david bugliari, a 3 - year - old son. 
the first lady and jimmy fallon joined the show for a game of catchphrase, and the late night host dedicated his entire show to her. 
my michelle amour, you're the only one that we adore, stevie wonder, who is the first lady's favorite singer, tells the ap. 
4 million in funding for a ugandan community policing program in light of a police raid. 
right now, we know that the child was inside of that vehicle, but for certain we know that the child was left there all day, lead investigative reporter jayne miller says. 
the father went home at some point in time last night, says baltimore police spokesman jeremy silbert. 
probably a pilgrim from the foros peninsula ( cape ) went on a pilgrimage to ephesus, and came back here with this relic which was then donated to the basilica on foros, says milen nikolov, director of the burgas regional museum of history. 
in fact, the female is seen trying to entice him but he refuses to respond, the indian express reports. 
the former stone temple pilots singer's second wife, mary weiland's second wife, takes legal action to be named executor of late rocker's will. 
as far as we know the white house honey brown ale is the first alcohol brewed or distilled on the white house grounds, the ap reports. 
time in a tweet, trump said the magazine informed him he was probably going to be granted the title for the second year in a row. 
jillian massey, of coopersburg, was diagnosed with brain cancer in april and spent six months in the hospital, the ap reports. 
he's a pretty nice guy, says lead surgeon john cook - jong lee, who has been operating and caring for the latest defector. 
making matters worse are the hundreds of billions of gallons of sewage that go untreated annually, ending up in water and causing 3, and the lack of federal policies that could fully protect the streams and wetlands. 
we're inviting a team of interns to travel the world, hopping from brewery to brewery, wob tavern to wob tavern to explore beer for themselves, the world of beer says. 
the successful interns will travel the world, hopping from brewery to brewery, wob tavern to wob tavern to explore beer for themselves. 
in 1925, curry's death certificate was found at a state investigation beginning in 2008. 
curry was 15 or 17 in december 1925, according to a court document. 
carrie fisher will appear in beyond the grave in the upcoming star wars film, reports the force awakens. 
we were never going to recast, or use a cg character, abrams said in a statement. 
stavis was unresponsive, and the other two other females were injured in a lightning strike, including two other females. 
? though he is shy about the $ 72 million number, he confirmed his net worth is in the 
hoehn says crews presented him with an infant baby girl and said, this is our baby. 
an fbi agent was shot in the shoulder while he was working in brooklyn, the sources say. 
? we share a goal of safe schools, safe neighborhoods, and a safe country, and god help us if we don't harden our schools and protect our kids. 
one of the suspects was named as juan cuenca lorente, 36, played for the team from murcia's volleyball team. 
brooks was editor of the news of the world's news of the world, and offered a full and sincere apology for the family of milly dowler, who allegedly hacked into the phone of milly dowler, a lawyer for the family says. 
i don't think somebody could have held their head in their hands so many times and said that they were sorry, a lawyer for the family tells the news of the world. 
his sudden death from conditions that led to heart failure came as a total shock to us all, says the brother, bob casale. 
police say bertics shot clare orton, 19, at her home in walnut creek ? s north homestead neighborhood tuesday. 
lower receivers normally require serial numbers, but incomplete ones can be bought as just simple pieces of metal, the san francisco chronicle reports. 
israel called on the un security council to take action over the rocket assault, israel called the un security council to take action. 
the former chalk hill school in monroe has been given a makeover and renamed the students'desks, backpacks, and other belongings. 
people won't remember that mexico had more possession in this game, or that it was just a friendly, the ap reports. 
there's value in that for a pair of world cup qualifiers, not just when it comes to playing good soccer but also when it comes to having the mentality to win difficult games, he says. 
the court's ruling is specific to san diego county, says a california department of corrections and rehabilitation rep. 
thank you very much mister putin, leaders of the ukraine government for murdering my loved and only child, wrote hans de borst, who signed the aching, angry letter, elsemiek's father ? whose life is ruined. 
? nance can't perform the basic functions of his job, which are to deliver impartiality, fairness and justice to all families in his courtroom, then he shouldn ? t be a judge, ? a kentucky fairness campaign director tells the glasgow daily times. 
but there are better reasons why i should, edwards told reporters in baton rouge, la. 
leaders and the media in our country should join the president in trying to unite and heal our country rather than incite more division, the memo states, adding that the president has been a voice for unity and calm. 
the rapper, who also said the hip - hop star has used the gunshot sound effects during his live show. 
contrary to inaccurate reports, eminem does not use gunshot sound effects during his live show for over 10 years, including previous us festival dates in 2018. 
the 26 - year - old kassig, who founded an aid group to help syrians caught in their country, was taken from us in an act of pure evil, the bbc reports. 
the withdrawal was supposed to start early in the morning on a deal to evacuate rebels and tens of thousands of civilians from syria's eastern aleppo. 
we appreciate the swift action by the local authorities, and the patience and professionalism of all the employees who were impacted, cnn says in a memo. 
the group says it was illegally deceptive and violated consumer - rights regulations, intentionally coercing thousands of people to enter a contest that they never had an actual chance of winning, the group lovell contest fair practices commission says. 
the agency complained to the fcc that colbert's joke on the may 1 episode of the late show, and urged the agency to sanction the network. 
such a review is standard protocol for the fcc, and doesn't imply the complaints have merit, says fcc chairman ajit pai. 
earlier this year he admitted that her death still does not seem real, but earlier this year he admitted her death still does not seem real. 
north korea said the test had greater explosive force than those it did not pose any negative impact on the surrounding ecological environment. 
chuck hagel, if confirmed to be the secretary of defense, would be the most antagonistic secretary of defense toward the state of israel in our nation ? s history, he said, per the ap. 
look, the election is going to occur in 2014, mcconnell said sunday on nbc's meet the press. 
if libyan civilians are killed in airstrikes, and especially if foreign troops enter libyan territory, the narrative could change quickly into an iraq - like rage against western imperialism, the ap notes. 
police often take any money they have out of their pockets and force them to walk back to detroit, with no guarantee of any safety, he told wwj newsradio. 
? a suspect in the westfield montgomery mall shooting and two other fatal shootings were arrested. 
police say hautzenrader thought the baby was dead when she tried to flush the baby down the toilet. 
the post - show vogue editor anna wintour missed his latest show, and he wants everyone to know about it by bibby sowray & # 124. 
anna has the greatest respect for giorgio armani and everything he has done for italy and fashion worldwide, conde's representative at conde nast tells wwd. 
labeouf, 28, was charged with one count of criminal trespassing and two counts of disorderly conduct, according to the new york times. 
it's like a child who is being told not to do something, says a stock trader's almanac. 
let me tell you, the one that matters is me, i'm the only one that matters because when it comes to it that's what the policy is going to be, trump said on fox news. 
teething can be managed without prescription or over - the - counter remedies, the fda's center for drug evaluation and research says. 
i grabbed the ar - 15 over my handgun ? bigger gun, i think a little more of an intimidation factor, says the daughter of the house. 
this boy, my son, will be surrounded by very strong, educated, powerful women, longoria said in march, per people. 
? a russian freestyle skier has undergone more than six hours of surgery over a training crash in the mountains of sochi, the bbc reports. 
in early 2010, he told the wall street journal that he was in no rush for facebook to go public, putting the company on track for one of the biggest us, reports the wall street journal. 
he has spent trillions of dollars to rescue the moneyed interests and left workers and homeowners to their own devices, says roberto unger, who's an adviser to the 2008 election. 
only a political reversal can allow the voice of democratic prophecy to speak once again in american life, says a former professor at harvard's law school. 
the gas technique is very sensitive to residues that can be preserved in pipes even if they had been smoked 400 years ago, the study published in the south african journal of science. 
this is a very strange star, says massimo marengo, who has observed it's the most likely one. 
? a kansas city fire official says about 10 people were sickened by a suspicious package in the mailroom of a sprawling building. 
? the chicago woman was real - life stalker from former cubs first baseman eddie waitkus, 29, and temporarily sidetracked. 
no pro - lifer would ever want to punish a woman who has chosen abortion, says the president of the march for life education and defense fund. 
? a search operation is on to arrest the remaining four accused, ? the police chief tells the guardian. 
? a 25 - year - old woman who was raped by a foreigner in the past four years, police say. 
50 in cash for each share ? an increase of nearly 30 % from where the kate spade stock was trading prior to a sale ? a 9 % premium to its closing price. 
? the parents of a texas woman who killed herself raped while alleging that she was raped by a tuscaloosa man in texas, and moved back to her native texas where she hanged herself in 2016, the ap reports. 
president trump says it will benefit middle class workers the most and simplify the tax code. 
bobbitt says the couple has spent more than half of the funds raised by mcclure. 
? defying fierce opposition from the united states and a few other nations, nearly 85 percent of the countries at the us agreed monday on a sweeping yet non - binding accord to ensure safe, orderly, and humane migration. 
more than 60, 000 migrants have died on the move since the year, notes the international organization for migration. 
the conference is the capstone of efforts set in motion two years ago when all 193 us under president obama, adopted a declaration saying that no country can manage international migration on its own and agreed to work on a global compact. 
in a detailed critique, the trump administration said it could not support a'compact'or process that could impose policy, and the agreement failed to distinguish adequately between legal and illegal immigrants. 
joseph deangelo, a 72 - year - old former police officer, was arrested this april when the golden state killer committed a string of murders, rapes, and home burglaries. 
we stand united on team justice, says sacramento county district attorney anne marie schubert. 
pinkus knew that harper lee was an elderly woman with physical infirmities that made it difficult for her to read and see, says lee's lawyer, gloria phares. 
after considering all these factors, i met with tesla's board of directors yesterday and let them know that i believe the better path is for tesla to remain public. 
four grenades were dropped on the court and dropped grenades on the interior ministry, reports reuters. 
tre d'antonello tievoli says schettino dined at the captain's table with him, and he told crew to slow down the ship so he could have dessert before taking the helm near giglio. 
when you are someone's lover no one asks you for any explanations about not having a ticket, she told reporters outside the court. 
i don't know what's in his heart but i certainly know what came out of his mouth, says a report out of the internal review. 
rosie o'donnell went to see a cardiologist and was informed by her doctor that her symptoms were a result of a widow maker heart attack. 
the next day she went to see a cardiologist and was informed by her doctor that her symptoms were a result of a widow maker heart attack. 
the ambassador to the united nations ambassador to the united nations ambassador susan rice says the interview was delusional and unfit to lead and gaddafi was delusional. 
demi has been taking adderall and drinking energy drinks and starving herself and was not her normal self, says a source close to the actress. 
people knew my phone number so it could've been anybody, says taaffe, who added that he made a racist comment. 
the hospital has responded well to treatment but continues to receive expert clinical care 24 hours a day, says the medical director. 
police say the skripals first came into contact with the nerve agent at the former russian spy's home in salisbury. 
i would like to reiterate public health england ? s advice that the risk to the public is low, said deputy assistant commissioner dean haydon. 
william mccormack, who was suing the hospital for severe stomach pains when he experienced severe stomach pains in the adirondacks. 
a sitting justice of the supreme court ought to know better, he writes in a similar remark about the japanese american internment, of which i am a survivor. 
we're told she was given a field sobriety test and didn't perform well, says a ex - girlfriend at las vegas. 
i did not collude with russia, nor do i know of anyone else in the campaign who did so, a senior presidential adviser told reporters. 
laird, 21, gave birth to a baby girl at uab medical west, reports the ap. 
it is time to say husband is not the master, says the chief justice of the country's top court. 
making adultery legal will hurt marriage bonds, a government counsel says. 
her anger grew when she saw only whites to run for class president this year, and the policy is intended to achieve racial equality at a north mississippi school election guidelines that allowed only white kids can run for some class offices. 
? until we receive further clarification, which we hope to have soon, please construe this to include task orders and work assignments, trump said in an email from the agency's office of acquisition management. 
jackson launched the career of son michael jackson, along with jackie, jermaine, marlon, tito, and gary, ind. 
at the height of their stardom, the jackson 5 sold millions of records and had their own manager initially acting as their manager. 
jewell will oversee more than 500 million acres of national parks and other public lands, and more than 1 billion acres offshore. 
people have a greater risk of cancer because they are bigger and so have more cells in their bodies, researchers write in the proceedings of the royal society b. 
the study found that taller height is 162, and women had greater odds of developing thyroid cancer. 
but the increased risk is small and there's plenty you can do to reduce the risk of developing cancer, such as not smoking and keeping a healthy weight, says cancer research uk. 
the villagers had planned to march through police barricades around the town to local government offices, the bbc reports. 
cuba's constitution does allow any member of the 605 - seat legislature to be elected as head of the council of state. 
samuel shaffer pleaded guilty to felony sodomy on a child, kutv reports. 
three people were shot and injured at the mall near the target, which is connected to a shooting at the store. 
in the two - year transportation funding bill it passed last year, congress eliminated a fund for bridge repair. 
gagan says the girl was raped and beaten saturday night after a classmate invited her to join her father's attack. 
passengers were told that the flight would not take off until the united crew had seats, bridges said. 
the ceo of the plane was pulled from the plane to be required to give up their seats, the bbc reports. 
then, a manager came aboard the plane and said a computer would select four people to be taken off the flight. 
the study also found that older people still in first marriages have sex more often than those who have sex more frequently, reports the new york times. 
eugene smith, a retired professor at the university of washington, says the montlake spite house was certainly the oddest of all the bungalows. 
information on the type of aircraft involved is classified and not available for release, says a spokeswoman from the 99th air base wing. 
the bureau of investigative services says pasceri was found dead in an examination room with a self - inflicted gunshot wound. 
a lot of this is so common sensical, but some people don't think about'oh what happens when i reach in for my license,'plusquellic says, per the ap. 
we do not know whether the particles we found could also move across into the foetus, but our evidence suggests this is indeed possible, says norrice liu, a pediatrician and clinical research fellow at queen mary university of london. 
vice president joe biden will also be sworn in a small, early morning ceremony at the naval observatory, his official residence. 
one of the lawsuit, accusing an employee of posting her medical record, showing all of her personal information including her diagnosis, syphilis, the university of cincinnati medical center said in a statement. 
tiger woods, who made three double bogeys, never imagined he would end up with his worst score ever in the opening round of a major. 
holtzclaw's attorney filed a motion for a new trial, saying prosecutors did not disclose newly discovered evidence. 
sammarco's office declined to an autopsy, and sammarco says her office used extensive medical scanning and imaging for a virtual autopsy. 
fred warmbier said on tv that there was no evidence of trauma to otto warmbier's teeth. 
the supervisor said to that particular officer, you're down there right, the whistleblower told wtvr. 
schatz, 40, will be sworn in thursday so he can participate in senate votes to avert a fiscal cliff of federal tax increases and spending cuts scheduled to take effect in 2014 and 2016, the white house said. 
only 20 % of people said they believed the government had gone too far in restricting civil liberties in the fight against terrorism, while 26 % said it had not gone far enough. 
66 % of americans think americans would always have to live with the risk, the study said. 
it was like nothing else we had seen and i immediately knew it was something very important because you could see it had these two emblems on it, says expedition leader david mearns. 
the account reveals that captain boomer has lost an arm in an encounter with moby dick. 
the cloth is said to have been transferred during the three days his body was interred, notes the new york times. 
john the baptist in turin, italy, is regarded as an icon, rather than a genuine religious relic, and the vatican regarded the image of a crucified man. 
jill kindt and jo grant were together for eight years, and only legally married for 48 days. 
they are among the first ? and the reason we did is a tremendously sad one, and i'd trade everything for not having to stand here and talk about this story, says the state attorney - general. 
she will recover and we will go back to school and study together again, says brave shazia, who was hit in the shoulder and hand. 
it's a flat - out lie, he told larry king live last night. 
he couldn't control his grief at the thought of the bereaved families who lost their blood relatives, said kim, who said the accident brought bitter sorrow to his heart. 
john dowd said the president has every right to express his view of any case, but by definition the president cannot obstruct justice, because he is the chief law enforcement officer. 
rookie is emerging as a diy multiplatform media empire of girl america, gevinson says. 
keith olbermann, the former msnbc anchor, will host a prime time program for current tv, which, as you know, has had a lot of exciting ventures, some of them intentional and some of them not so intentional. 
one of the packages had some destructive nature that it had to be taken offsite, but he did not elaborate from the terminal, a sheriff's office spokesman tells the ap. 
the next phase, i think, is that we step up with potentially a more powerful, more capable side - scan sonar to do deeper water, says defense minister david johnston. 
joyce, who is facing more than 100 charges, was charged with mail fraud, corruption, money laundering, and embezzlement. 
in 2015, then - senate president stan rosenberg asked the ethics commission to review joyce's conduct after he was angling for a senate leadership position in 2014, as well as pounds of dunkin ? donuts coffee. 
monica thompson gave birth to jacob, who was medicated with painkillers and sleep aids, and left her in bed with her in middle of the night. 
? she called for a nurse while she tried to get him to respond, ? the suit says. 
? this choice sends the wrong message, ? the president of emily ? s list tells usa today. 
the suspect, who was jailed for his ties to the extremist hizbut tahrir islamist group, was arrested at a bus stop in dhaka, reports cnn. 
i have not engaged in philanthropic efforts in order to make people forget about my past, wahlberg says. 
given the continued threat posed by organizations such as the terrorist group we call isil, or isis, we'll join allies and partners in reviewing our counterterrorism efforts, to prevent the world's most dangerous networks from obtaining the world's most dangerous weapons, obama wrote in a meeting meeting
i can only talk about my personal experience and i was always treated respectfully and appropriately, couric said in 2012, per the hill. 
quite frankly none of us know what's in those contracts, this is what i mean by lack of transparency in the country, suu kyi told reuters. 
he grabbed her, held her down and told her he was trying to exorcise her and get the devil out of her, says the police report. 
riess's mode of operation is to befriend women who resemble her and steal their identity, said undersheriff carmine marceno. 
the study confirms beyond doubt that removal of inflamed organs or organs likely to suffer from repeated inflammation, improves their chances of pregnancy, says one of the researchers. 
the fake news media worked hard to get tiger woods to say something that he didn't want to say, he wrote on twitter. 
trump is not quite there yet, trump told the washington post that he's not ready to endorse paul ryan. 
a long day of questioning awaits the 53 - year - old appellate judge, whom trump nominated brett kavanaugh, a federal appeals court judge. 
dianne feinstein, who vastly overstated the number of women believed to have died from illegal abortions in this country ran between 200, 000 and 1. 
jacob brundage, of lakeland, florida, told the las vegas review - journal that he lost a tote filled with cash and playing chips june 1. 
it ? s no surprise that someone who makes a living glorifying crime and violence is a cop - hater, too, ? patrick lynch, president of the patrolmen ? s benevolent association, said in a statement. 
i'm not a football fan, i'm not a sports fan, but i'm surely a donald trump fan, he told nbc 4 new york. 
before the sun rose next morning, brussow went with williams'brother, erik, who was at least 70 feet high when the men sat at a cliff. 
the family has set up a gofundme to raise award money for anyone who found brussow's family to transport him back to michigan. 
? i would give anything to be able to have him here and be able to marry him and spend the rest of my life with him, ? williams, 20, tells people. 
run by newt gingrich, a multimillion dollar super pac that backs mitt romney and is run by former romney aides, democrats, and unions. 
he looked at me like he always had, smiled and said,'i was going to vote the way of justice,'the defense attorney andrew flier says. 
three people died in the northwestern arkansas hamlet of cincinnati when a tornado touched down just before sunrise. 
we have to ask ourselves, how do we preserve all the bits that we need in order to correctly interpret the digital objects we create, says vint cerf. 
the report published in nature geoscience, in which hydrogen ejected from the sun's atmosphere is a useful resource for future human settlement on the moon. 
both sides of the violence in charlottesville acted inappropriately, and bear some responsibility, cbs news quotes the white house statement. 
the president reaffirmed some of our most important founding principles, we are equal in the eyes of our creator, equal under the law, and equal under the constitution, wrote fox news, which notes that the president was entirely correct ? both sides of the violence in charlottesville acted inappropriately. 
however, researchers also found women who gave birth in their forties were more likely to be intelligent. 
my behavior was wrong and inexcusable, and i accept full responsibility, oreskes said in a statement wednesday. 
an official at the 88 generation peace and open society confirmed the release of the committee meets once a month, reports the bbc. 
the plan is significantly more generous than the single - payer plans run by america's peer countries. 
david oliver relin, who co - authored greg mortenson, was hurt, emotionally, and financially. 
briggs fussy and brittney husbyn once served as the ring bearer and flower girl in a minnesota wedding ? two decades later, cnn reports. 
but this does not excuse my turning a blind eye to your story simply because i wanted desperately for it not to be so, he writes in the movie's mighty aphrodite. 
we are in a day and age when everything must be re - examined, sorvino won an oscar for her performance in his 1995 film mighty aphrodite. 
the finding was based on insurance data on gun injury rates during 2007 through 2015, and a whopping 63 % in the hosting state. 
this study is another example of when data and numbers fly in the face of logic and common sense, says nra's director of public affairs. 
the air force facility, high frequency active auroral research program ownership last year, was transferred to uaf. 
going to try to find a scientist, to steal his car and id badge to gain access, a detective with the sheriff's office says. 
? i ? m here to roast this big old ham i call my father, ireland's 21 - year - old daughter tells the times. 
the city council has voted to authorize the settlement, which will get a settlement of $ 6. 
after more than 250 years a wild bison had been spotted again in germany and all the authorities could think to do is shoot it, says a wwf board member. 
more importantly though these patents will likely end up being a big part of the social networking giant's current and future patent lawsuits, menlo park tweeted. 
8 million worth of valencia peanuts were sitting in the warehouse since the company shut down and filed last fall. 
? new mexico's largest food bank is being dumped at a landfill to expedite the sale of a peanut - processing plant. 
he literally physically assaulted me by punching me in the face, says john yob, a grand rapids political consultant. 
we've forwarded a complaint of an alleged assault to the mackinac county prosecutor, said police chief brett riccinto. 
of the total participants, 840 ( 61 % ) consumed more than one caffeinated product daily. 
police say they have surveillance video of a possible suspect and vehicle in the shooting deaths of nine females and three males. 
teammates tianna madison, 200 - meter champion allyson felix and bianca knight gave the us a big lead heading into the anchor leg by 100 silver medalist jeter. 
chauncy walked up and asked if he could help load matt's groceries into the car in exchange for a pack of donuts, and that's where the story really begins. 
one group of mice remained free of symptoms, memory loss, impaired reflexes, and limb dragging. 
there is heavy fighting in malakal, the main town in upper nile state, reports the bbc. 
ian buruma, the former editor - in - chief of the new york review of books, published a theme issue about # metoo. 
the lawsuit states, that alleged lack of respect is to call it unserious ? extends not only to the woman who is the author but also to the woman who is the subject. 
however, when the old, pernicious double standards still apply, if it ? s a lady doing the investigation, the personal can never be political ? it can only be gossip, and the writer, however skilled a reporter, is still merely a chick, writes jennifer weiner at the times.
letterman previously told the hollywood reporter that he wanted to interview north korea's name recognization. 
the conversations are intimate, in - depth and far - reaching, with the levity and humor dave ? s fans know and love, he writes in the post, which is titled my next guest needs no introduction with david letterman. 
north korea will also send around 230 supporters to cheer on its athletes, the guardian reports. 
the ap reports that workers in the farming, fishing, and forestry occupational group had the highest suicide rate in the us. 
sorry for the mixed monster metaphor, but this is one massive mess of a movie, he writes at salon's film. 
two super pacs backing jeb bush raised $ 108 in the first month of their campaigns, according to campaign officials. 
? if convicted ) legally i'll be defined a ? fugitive, but i will continue to fight for my innocence, ? the italian reporter says. 
when they got there, a car bomb exploded in the parking lot, only a hundred meters away, the hotel employee said. 
kyl, 68, served four terms in the house before winning a senate seat, reports cnn. 
because of this, autocomplete predictions are algorithmically generated based on users ? search activity and interests. 
we ended up signing a contract to auction the contents of the estate, and that's when we found many of the paintings stored away, writes josh levine at the globe. 
one is that education might actually change the brain itself, professor kenneth langa says in a press release. 
facebook finally provided a way to keep any random jerk in the cafe from hijacking your account. 
? a pregnant woman who trusted her gut when she saw two young girls all alone and helped find their missing teenage girls, beth brogan says. 
? more than 100, 000 people have been evacuated, but the study found that wildlife in the chernobyl disaster zone may increase radiation levels that were twenty times greater than the hiroshima and nagasaki bombings. 
the researchers also carried out footprints in the winter, based the numbers of different mammal species in the time when elk and wild boar populations were declining. 
it was a terrible thing, investigator reyes espinoza tells reuters. 
the rheumatology - certified nurse practitioner has treated ginny holcomb for more than 15 years, and the nurse practitioner had been treating holcomb. 
? a youtube video emerged last month with a child hit man ? said to be as young as 12. 
if i keep saying it, it becomes it, poeppel said, if things in reality are great doesn't entirely matter. 
atkinson took off his helmet while reveling with the crowd and pushed back the extra point attempt, which grambling blocked ? and the subsequent onside attempt failed as well. 
joseph mcwilliams surged in and swatted brandon mclaren's 35 - yard try to preserve the tigers'edge. 
neither did the person who released just enough information to literally be dangerous, house intelligence committee chairman mike rogers says. 
i'm open to doing a hearing every month if that's necessary, senate intelligence committee chairwoman dianne feinstein says. 
the 26 - year - old army medic was buried in the bataan death march in april 1942 and succumbed to malaria, pellagra, and diphtheria. 
this will be a hollow victory for mia families unless the us government undertakes substantial and meaningful reforms of the mia accounting process, he said. 
it is odd political news judgment to cover one leading candidate and not the other if that's really what happened, nbc news reporter peter alexander tells time magazine. 
while i'm professionally and personally against the capital punishment, this is indeed one of the rarest of the rare cases where the perpetrators deserve the death sentence, says human rights lawyer asim sarode. 
dennis mcguire, who was one of the longest executions since ohio resumed capital punishment in 1999, and the state's longest lethal drug combination to put a man to death. 
john kasich turned down two requests from dennis mcguire because mcguire couldn't identify a family member who would receive organs. 
the student says she saw sponsler's vagina open and close, as her legs were in the air. 
lacey sponsler, 34, told police she was just dancing with the students ? and trying to be a cool teacher. 
runners raised $ 15, 000 to help pay the boy's medical bills. 
the pilot, bill henningsgaard, was killed when the plane hit their home, setting it on fire. 
? if they shoot you, they don ? t even run, ? a man watching police work the scene tells the tribune. 
his wife, falon griffin, was already in labor, and falon desperately had to go to the restroom when she told her husband she desperately needed to use a bathroom. 
prosecutors say martynenko collected child pornography and delighted in the humiliation, embarrassment, and potential negative consequences his actions caused his victims. 
the pilot and air traffic control was at 6, 12am, when the pilot asked to avoid clouds by turning left and going higher to 38, 000 feet. 
such an infection can spread quickly and kills the body's soft tissue, especially if it infects a wound that is not properly cared for, says the national institutes of health. 
the study found that 78 % of yohimbe exposures occurred in children younger than 6 years old. 
john regelbrugge iii found the smallest measure of solace amid the wreckage of what four days ago was a thriving community, reports the seattle times. 
we're obligated to provide the same level of service, the same billing the same everything, for every patient we encounter, says deputy chief mike mclaughlin. 
? i mean why would i want to stop to help somebody if i ? m going to get a bill for $ 150, ? said paramedics sent him the first - responder fee of nearly $ 150. 
a passenger who called police reported that a man who was riding in the back of a car opened fire on her friend and described the road rage. 
turner is expected to spend three months in jail, pleading guilty to misdemeanor battery and spent a year in jail. 
john enochs pleaded guilty to battery with moderate bodily injury and was sentenced to one year of probation. 
francis will pay tribute to the papal mass, and the papal plane was given permission to use chinese air space, the ap reports. 
the recall includes six skus of gold medal branded flour, two sku ? s of signature kitchens branded flour, and one sku of gold medal wondra branded flour. 
the senate judiciary committee will vote on whether the committee adjourned thursday evening, reports cnn. 
the tulip trust is the same size as a bitcoin fortune, which was attributed to satoshi nakamoto. 
nor am i called dorien ( sic ), reads a colleague from wright's colleague david kleiman, a friend and confidant. 
by the end of this i think half the world is going to bloody know, he told reporters in february 2014. 
those living in the vicinity said troops surrounded the airfield and fired rockets at buildings inside, the ap reports. 
flight 8501 appears to have been trapped in bad weather that would have been difficult to avoid, the red cross says, per the ap. 
kathleen dawn west, 42, was found dead in the street near her home in calera, alabama, and online activities. 
the album offered a digital - download version of born this way for 99 cents on monday and thursday. 
black people pulled over were more likely to be called ma'am or sir, and they were more likely to be called by their first names and even my man. 
police speak significantly less respectfully to black than to white community members in everyday traffic stops, even after controlling for officer race, infraction severity, stop location, and stop outcome. 
we're expected to come to this emotional prison every day, and we're expected to forgive the bullies because the authorities are sure they didn't mean it, emily gipson tells the post. 
walters also said the video hurt his feelings, and those of teachers, too. 
? we thought that it would be fun to pit them against each other, test their mettle and see who was the hungriest, ? said npr. 
this is an unprecedented mystery, says azharuddin abdul rahman, director of malaysia's department of civil aviation. 
electronic booking records show that one - way tickets with those names were issued from a travel agency in eastern thailand in 2012 and last year. 
two men were arrested for running a prostitution ring out of an apartment in a massachusetts senior living facility, reports the ap. 
lambach, who allegedly ran the prostitution ring, would seek out women with a drug addiction, photograph them, and post advertisements online, seeking clients for sexual services, police say. 
he crossed state lines on at least one occasion, says one of the prostitutes who would then contact the woman and drive her to the appointment. 
she is profoundly distraught, her attorney terry kindlon told reporters, calling the sisters soul mates. 
a grand jury in hawaii indicted her on a second - degree murder charge last month and was tracked down in albany and arrested a week ago. 
? a father has fatally shot his 14 - year - old son for an intruder, the ap reports. 
the father of the teen returned home, killing him in the neck, at a home at a east price hill home. 
doe told investigators that the woman was enthusiastic about the encounter, and she was surprised that she had confided in pornographic films. 
when they first called, the administration thought it was a prank call because it was too good to be true, quisa foster says. 
mitt romney predicted donald trump a con man, but mitt romney predicts that president trump would win the republican party's nomination. 
? the world's tallest waterslide ? has been closed since caleb schwab died aug. 
in our opinion, it is the only proper course of action following this tragedy, says the statement, adding that all of us at schlitterbahn have been heartbroken over the tragedy that occurred on verruckt. 
? there doesn ? t appear to be anything suspicious about this as of right now, ? district attorney sam sutter says. 
the investigation was essentially an online market for registered users to exchange stolen account numbers, and other people offered to ship stolen merchandise. 
president obama is apoplectic about lavish spending at the gsa, politico reports. 
rolling stone, the university of virginia president teresa sullivan got a report from the university of virginia, who had suspended all campus fraternities in a fraternity at the university of virginia. 
it makes you wonder what would make individuals treat somebody like that, says chicago police superintendent eddie johnson. 
brittany covington, 18, of chicago and tanishia covington, 24, were charged with hate crime, aggravated unlawful restraint, and aggravated battery with a deadly weapon, the ap reports. 
it reveals the irs to be a stubborn agency that isn ? t ready to fix all the problems in the report, the irs has agreed to implement seven of them. 
? attempted suicides, drug overdoses, cutting and other types of self - injury have increased substantially in us girls, a 15 - year study of emergency room visits found. 
the cemetery's assistant director has uncovered the bodies of 40 confederate soldiers over the past two months will receive a proper memorial, reports the lynchburg tribune. 
? if a child or adult is experiencing any kind of weakness at all, they should see their health care provider immediately, ? oregon public health division spokesman jonathan modie tells katu. 
dna testing matched her positively to four of the five remains and a man adams to three, reports the ap. 
michele kalina, who has been in jail on charges relating to the discovery of the infants'remains found in a landfill, was charged with criminal homicide and five counts of abuse of corpse and is being held without bail. 
officials say it will begin a block - by - block search of thousands of flooded homes, and houston's fire department has said it will be the bodies of floodwaters receding in the houston area. 
? i think the chinese need to be sent a signal that they need to change the way they are trading with us, and i think this bill does that, ? said vice foreign minister cui tiankai. 
this finding suggests that there appears to be an emotional response to alcohol triggers, but that it ? s experienced and understood differently when someone has the protection of the aa experience, says senior author marc galanter. 
the choir's long tradition of performing for presidents is not an implied support of party affiliations or politics, chamberlin said in an announcement last week. 
singer bryan singer, who is now in the new york city on march 23, the date of the incident, buzzfeed reports. 
my client did not engage in any criminal or inappropriate behavior with anyone in new york or elsewhere, says singer's lawyer. 
a counseling clinic run by marcus bachmann has received more than $ 30, 000 in federal and state funds in the last five years. 
i got some disheartening news back, that i ? ve verified from multiple sources now, they ? re going to drop the apu character altogether, says shankar, who got this news from two people who work for the simpsons, and a third source who works directly with matt groening
shankar's primary hope is that the simpsons is eliminating the character's script, but the simpsons is now a perfect script, indiewire reports. 
the howards performed the first - ever operation on triplets born with a rare skull condition, where the skulls were conceived without the help of fertility drugs. 
all three boys were diagnosed with craniosynostosis, which can limit brain growth, per the bbc. 
your skull is made up of plates, it ? s not a single bone, says david chesler, a pediatric neurosurgeon. 
? ivanka trump has stopped using her personal email for official work, officials tell the washington post. 
ivanka trump sent hundreds of emails last year to white house aides, cabinet officials, and jared kushner. 
? ivanka trump stopped using her personal address for government correspondence after she was informed that she should not be doing so, a trump administration official tells cbs news. 
austin evers, executive director of the liberal watchdog group american oversight, says it's not above the law. 
weisselberg, 70, began working for the trump organization as an accountant in the 1970s, when president trump's father, fred, ran the company. 
the americans gave us the humvees, but they didn ? t give us the spare parts, says mohammad safi, who is part of the special forces team based in wardak province. 
the only eyewitness who saw gabe and tina thomas watson testified he thought gabe watson was trying to save his wife's life. 
watson pleaded guilty to a lesser charge of negligent manslaughter and was charged with intentional murder. 
i'm going to talk about what i've talked about for years now, brown told abc news. 
twitter is deleting the hacker tweets and locking my account until they can figure out how this happened, says fans. 
russian deputy prime minister dmitry kozak said russia's ability to secure the games equal to any country hosting a major event, reports the ap. 
dmitry chernyshenko, the sochi's chief organizer, says that's more than any other winter olympics and three times the number of leaders who attended the 2010 olympics in vancouver. 
the fbi and fbi was arrested in january as alleged co - conspirators in hanson's scheme, including a hollywood private detective. 
reynolds, acting director of the national park service, wrote saturday that the acting director of the national park service's official twitter account negatively compared the crowd sizes at the two inaugurations. 
the acting director of the national park service's deputy director of operations, reports cnn. 
carbon - dating skeletons uncovered the remains, of a man and a woman, were found at the chapel of st morrell, an ancient site of pilgrimage in hallaton, the leicester mercury reports. 
victor wonyetye was reportedly at a party in christy's neighborhood the day she disappeared, the palm beach post reports. 
ali assafiri, a student at laval university in quebec city, says he had been running late for the evening prayers. 
organizers have been gathering signatures on a petition to support raising the city's minimum $ 10. 
critics say it's underway to establish a citywide wage higher than $ 7. 
more than a quarter have children to support, more than half work full time, says the economic policy institute. 
priuliani's chief of staff says giuliani was vetted by our team for any possible conflicts and passed with flying colors. 
curran, who wrote producer roles on the good life, also provided the voice for the good life. 
kevin curran was a sweet, brilliant man who said many hilarious things, some unprintable, others which will live forever in a children ? s cartoon, says curran, who co - owner al jean. 
president trump is praising immigration and customs enforcement officers in the country illegally and have criminal records. 
miami gardens police chief stephen johnson was arrested for soliciting a prostitute at the dania beach hotel, reports the broward police. 
in big cities, beneath the roar of traffic, beneath the rapid pace of change, so many faces pass by unnoticed because they have no right to be there, no right to be part of the city, says the new york times. 
? workers need to work longer hours, ? bush said. 
we have appointed four prosecutors to clarify these dramatic events, according to a tweet from tarek william saab, the ap reports. 
as they come home, it falls to us, their fellow citizens, to be there for them and their families, not just now but always, he said. 
perry also had previously been charged with attempted homicide and aggravated assault and one count of endangering the welfare of a child. 
this is yet another discovery in a series of really remarkable findings that have come one by one, to tell us that this may be the place to go look for life in the outer solar system. 
the new england holocaust memorial in boston was vandalized when a 17 - year - old threw a rock into a glass panels when a teen shattered a glass panel etched with the numbers. 
clearly, this type of behavior will not be tolerated in our city, says boston police commissioner william evans. 
tens of thousands of ethnic croats were displaced, and about 260 croat men were killed and killed in vukovar for three months in 1991. 
in a weird and seemingly quite patronizing twist, a heavily - accented korean immigrant woman in a laundromat awkwardly interrupts him throughout the ad. 
tim tebow has canceled a scheduled appearance at the megachurch of robert jeffress, who is looking forward to sharing a message of hope and christ's unconditional love with the faithful members of the historic first baptist church of dallas. 
a new zealand meteorologist took a satellite phone call from the boat on june 3. 
i ? ve been in this business 30 years and it ? s the worst i ? ve seen, says the northern region of forestry and fire protection. 
moon jae - in, south korean president moon jae - in, says north and south korea agreed to lead to a land of peace without nuclear weapons and nuclear threats. 
north korea will allow experts from concerned countries, and south korean counterpart moon jae - in and his counterpart to close the closure of its missile engine testing site and launch pad. 
moon jae - in, south korean president moon jae - in, announced in a joint press conference with kim jong - un, who also plan to bid to jointly host the 2032 summer olympics. 
henson failed to score a nomination for outstanding performance by a cast in a motion picture ever, notes the hollywood reporter. 
we took the step to suspend several of the largest exercises as a good - faith measure coming out of the singapore summit, mattis told reporters. 
the royal couple also plans to honor the late princess diana, who died in a paris car crash in 1997. 
alexis left the navy three months later, and a senior navy official says alexis'arrest because of a fingerprint check. 
the secretary of the navy has recommended the recommendation, which has been sent to defense secretary chuck hagel, who had an honorable discharge, a secret - level clearance, and at least two firearms incidents in law enforcement files. 
the researchers analyzed data from a health insurance firm on 74, 000 seniors aged 75 or older, per bloomberg. 
matt gaetz of florida, andy biggs, and louie gohmert, who is calling for robert mueller to resign as the special counsel investigating russia's interference in the 2016 election. 
the fbi withheld information from congress and from the american people about russian corruption of american uranium companies, says gaetz, who want to know how that deal was approved. 
the report from the centers for disease control recorded 918 cases of syphilis in 2017, a 46 % increase in babies born with the disease, according to new statistics. 
louisiana had the highest rate of congenital syphilis of any state, with the number of babies born with syphilis. 
? it ? s shocking that this has come roaring back in the united states, ? the executive director of the national coalition of std directors tells the guardian. 
? all lead pipes need to be replaced, weaver told reporters at a press conference yesterday. 
we hypothesised that acute fear activates the coagulation system, says researchers in the british medical journal. 
coagulant factor viii levels increased in 12 ( 57 % ) during the horror movie, compared to 43 % during the horror movie. 
after centuries, the study could be the magnitude of fear induced by the movie genre, researchers write in the british medical journal. 
atrial fibrillation in which the heart's two upper chambers, known as the atria, do not beat at the same pace as the heart's two lower chambers. 
the study found that men and women who ate 1 ounce of chocolate, two to six times per week, study co - author elizabeth mostofsky says. 
bolsonaro, a 63 - year - old retired brazilian military officer, wants fewer penalties for cutting down trees. 
the lawsuit claims the negligence of the companies, as well as the homeowners and condom associations, should be held liable for knowingly keeping dangerous animals on the premises, the chicago tribune reports. 
the video was captured by a plumber who was doing work in the building next door, abc news reports. 
hundreds of occupy central activists are seen in the central financial district of hong kong's central business district, notes the ap. 
nkeki's brother says she was found trying to hide from the vigilantes after running away from the boko haram camp. 
the white house employed a fugitive for seven months, according to an arrest warrant that appears to show that sebastian gorka, a former adviser to donald trump, is wanted to still be wanted in hungary on weapons charges. 
the report is based on fireeye's performance after the breach, but the security team turned that function off. 
? we were pursuing a waiver, but we ? ve been advised we wouldn ? t get one, ? new jersey department spokesman joe dee tells the washington free beacon. 
? a federal law enforcement official released the investigation found tannerite residue the bomb that exploded in chelsea, killing 29 people. 
this is young man that had a pretty had a pretty rugged sports career and took a lot of injuries in his career, hazrati told usa today. 
espn was the first to report mirra's cte diagnosis, according to espn. 
mirra was the face of his sport to the mainstream, a legend in freestyle bmx, a legend in freestyle bmx, will be inducted into the national bmx hall of fame on june 11. 
for the remaining 144, the average time spent ? reading the privacy policy was 73 seconds, and for the tos, 51 seconds, the paper states. 
this will be the moment that probably reelected barack obama, gop commentator alex castellanos tells cnn. 
texas health officials finalized the new rules, according to the texas tribune, and the new rules are now disposing of fetal remains. 
the report found that over 100 cleveland police officers fired 137 shots at the car. 
he wondered how the shooter obtained the gun and said he'd continue to try to combat gun violence. 
police found the body of ritu sachdeva in her murphy home shortly after midnight, police say. 
both deaths occurred within hours of each other under circumstances that have led investigators to presume they were both self - inflicted, says the murphy police department. 
a man getting out of the car to go to the toilet led to the discovery of one of the most important sites in australian pre - history, notes the bbc. 
at the time they had no idea how significant the find was, hamm says, and thought maybe it would reach back about 5, 000 years. 
the department of environmental conservation officers said in a statement that the reward squad is offering $ 15, 000 for new information in the deaths of william and michelle becker. 
william's body was found in what was called on a boat's swim platform and his arm tangled in electrical cable. 
democratic socialism means that we must reform a political system which is corrupt, that we must create an economy that works for all, not just the very wealthy, he told the vermont independent. 
the really ironic and sad fact, is that the content of this opera is more relevant in 2014 than it was even in 1991, says composer john adams. 
for the next stage involving sonar and other autonomous vehicles, potentially at very great depths, we need to have an understanding of the ocean floor to be able to undertake that kind of search effectively and safely, says deputy prime minister warren truss. 
it's very sensible to go back to ensure there are no flaws in that, the assumptions are right, the analysis is right, and the deductions and conclusions are right, says search coordinator angus houston. 
? i could not believe she was not being charged with child neglect or endangerment, or even obstruction of justice, ? crowder says. 
although these seizures can be frightening for parents, they're typically benign and cause no long - term problems, says the new report author. 
the report found that vaccines can cause certain side effects, including the rotavirus vaccine, reports the guardian. 
the most dangerous aspect of giving your child vaccines is driving to the office to get them, offit says. 
? it ? s hampering the rights of children and creating a place where pedophiles can act with impunity, ? computer science researcher gareth owen tells the post. 
there are important uses for hidden services, such as when human rights activists use them to access facebook or to blog anonymously, says tor executive director roger dingledine. 
on the way home from a fun swim meet, i heard britton make an odd retching noise in the back seat as i was driving, kelly rose joniec wrote on facebook. 
there's one other option that probably won ? t happen, leaving three or four paying customers back at the terminal in order to make the takeoff weight, says the study's lead author. 
sophia chua - rubenfeld, the eldest daughter of the battle hymn of the tiger mother, gave the commencement address during her high school graduation. 
kim jong - un said 2013 would be a year of creations and changes, calling for a radical turnabout that would transform the impoverished, isolated state into an economic giant and raise living standards. 
? with this particular cluster, what we are seeing is people are coming in with various types of bleeding, ? the chief medical officer of the illinois department of public health says. 
the coffins were carried in a hearse in eindhoven in eindhoven and each one put in a hearse, the bbc reports. 
something's changing and it'll change back again, trump told cbs'60 minutes. 
you'd have to show me the scientists because they have a very big political agenda, trump said, per 60 minutes. 
lesley stahl, who revived mattis, i'm saying russia, but i'm also saying china. 
? president trump's confirmation by the supreme court, we had senators that behaved horribly. 
fourniret was charged with kidnapping and murdering the girls's killing, but wife monique olivier had twice accused him of the unsolved murders. 
police say 22 people are dead and around 59 others are injured, reports the bbc. 
? when it exploded, it just rocked your whole body, ? reuters said. 
rick calamaro, 46, was found dead in his los angeles apartment, reports tmz. 
kuiper belt objects formed not far outside our solar system, and comets that originate there have much shorter orbits than those from the oort cloud. 
storm barney is warned not to take selfies in the bad weather, sky news producer joanna robinson says. 
the couple moved into a rental home in guilford, the hartford courant reports. 
susan olsen, who played cindy brady, tweeted on her facebook page writing, this is the little piece of human waste. 
the state department plans to more than 7, 000, according to the state's private security guards, and security contractors would operate radars to warn of enemy attacks. 
de anda also found the caves with the great maya aquifer project, which found cave paintings and other signs of ancient human presence. 
gates, who was indicted last year on charges of conspiracy to launder money and acting as an unregistered foreign agent, was indicted on charges of conspiracy with rick gates. 
walker, the boot camp instructor at lackland air force base in san antonio, texas, was found guilty of all counts of his court - martial. 
if you look at the current situation in america, you have all of these monuments to the confederacy ? which are monuments to slavery, ? says ryan mendoza, who lives in germany, said it is time for parks'home to return to the us parks. 
back in 2013, researchers shaped a human ear and implanted it onto the back of a rat. 
a former student fatally shot 17 people at marjory stoneman douglas high school in parkland on february 14. 
in a resignation letter, aide sebastian gorka, a deputy assistant to the president, cited forces that do not support president trump's maga promise as being ascendant. 
dinh - zarr says it's not known what caused the train to derail and that it's too early to tell why it was going so fast. 
positive train control, a technology that can slow or stop a speeding train, according to amtrak president richard anderson. 
3 billion pounds, which contains enough protein to meet the requirements of more than 10 million people each year. 
the united states believes that russia is responsible for the attack on two people in the united kingdom using a military - grade nerve agent, nikki haley said in a un security council emergency session. 
the images of him and christie walking side by side could pay political dividends for the president, the ap notes. 
? if you think right now i give a damn about presidential politics, then you don ? t know me, ? christie said. 
the tactical assault light operator suit promises to provide superhuman strength with greater ballistic protection, according to the statement. 
it sounds exactly like'iron man'suit, a mit professor tells npr. 
the dutch east india company was wrecked on morning reef near beacon island in 1629 when it wrecked with more than 300 people on board. 
the governing body for track and field athletes will not be able to compete in the rio olympics, but the international association of athletics federations announced the decision friday. 
shabani, age 46, was arrested for mayhem and disorderly conduct while armed, not criminal, reports the ap. 
? chicago police officer jason van dyke, who was charged with first - degree murder in the killing of 17 - year - old laquan mcdonald. 
he might be on the roof, he might be in the office, he does anything we need, says dean angelo, president of the fraternal order of police chicago. 
michael pfleger, a roman catholic priest and social activist, took facebook late wednesday after news of the hiring broke more than 1, 000 shares in just 10 hours. 
the showtime interviews, a four - part series created from oliver stone and putin, is clearly intended to humanize putin and demonize america. 
? nobody would survive ? a war between nuclear superpowers, ? he told stone. 
the museum says the snake species is genetically distinct from the clarion nightsnake genetically distinct from mainland mexico. 
deputies are looking for the man who posted the threats, a 23 - year - old transient 23 - year - old jesus henry kong, also known as jessie eloah calix and jesus matute. 
although the fbi does not believe that the threat is credible, as the subject does not reside in florida, we will continue to work with local partners to locate the subject. 
i would have thought these very expensive big cities, like new york city and san francisco, for most poor would be stressful and would be places with poor health among the poor, but that's not at all what these data suggest, chetty says. 
the researchers add more than one billion records that found an gap in life expectancy between the top and bottom 1 %. 
it is absolutely true to say that we actually did attempt to contact those people on multiple occasions, holleran tells fairfax media. 
in august, a separate case against strauss - kahn was accused of trying to rape allegations against former international monetary fund. 
? a royal marine who was killed in afghanistan will send 32 friends on the holiday of a lifetime to las vegas, the daily mail reports. 
? that chair has not been used since 1966, ? mayor steve harrison told the guardian. 
david was a good man when he was opposed to marriage equality and he is a good man now, andrew sullivan tells the daily beast. 
the woman told her photos that yohanna drowned in the bathtub and her daughters do, and she not only looks like yohanna. 
there's a problem when you have a 14 - year - old child arrested in school and basically humiliated in front of his classmates, his teachers, his friends, and basically the whole world, says the attorney who helped bowers'family. 
jim carrey plays kick - ass 2, which can bite on the genitals of an enemy and allows his attack dog to bite on the genitals. 
i did kickass a month b4 sandy hook and now in all good conscience i cannot support that level of violence, said the statement. 
we live in a very toxic environment politically, particularly around issues of the environment, said pruitt, who told the new hampshire union leader. 
they place me on the plane where they think is best from a safety perspective, by the chief of staff, by the administration. 
holder also recalled how he and his cousin were stopped in new jersey twice, politico reports. 
the final death toll could be closer to 300, the military authorities say. 
after nearly six hours, a tactical team entered a cellular store in la crescenta, apparently by his own hand. 
the health agency says the three italian patients were all in stable condition, per the ap. 
of the 53 known infections with the virus, 30 have resulted in death since september 2012, according to the world health organization. 
it is not a problem that any single affected country can keep to itself or manage all by itself, says the who's a threat to the entire world, says the doctor - general of the united nations'world health organization. 
? president trump is cutting short his first presidential trip to canada this weekend, as prime minister justin trudeau has promised to confront trump over his recent summit with the group of seven wealthy democracies. 
the ap notes that swedish writer - director ruben ostlund, by swedish writer ruben ostlund's swedish comedy the square, won the top prize, the palme d'or. 
the attorney's office has determined the 17 deaths resulted from misconduct, negligence, or inattention to the captain of the vessel at the time of the captain of the duck boat, cnn reports. 
the ball bounced off his hands, up over him, and into the net, and el salvador ousted sean johnson, the guardian reports. 
there's a subtle dance that happens between oncologist and patient, ? says the study's lead author. 
1 billion, including saving tens of millions of dollars in a single year, notes the new york times. 
there was a core of about 10 players who we believed were the most common perpetrators that were at the root of the problem, says one of the betting investigators in the 2007 enquiry. 
i think the investigation has a long way to go, says dave gombas, senior vice president for united fresh produce association. 
wenner sold 49 % of his stake in rolling stone in 2013 to a digital music startup. 
in a study of nearly 8, 000 british twins, researchers found that boys who had older fathers scored more than those born to younger fathers. 
the geek index score is inherited, but that figure is likely to vary with age, per bloomberg. 
climate action in the aggregate are made by cities, states, businesses, and civil society, secretary - general antonio guterres wrote in the new york times. 
giesbrecht, who has two teenage sons who are involved in hockey and soccer, is a gambling addict with a low - paying job at a fast - food restaurant. 
the us military's takeover of emergency operations in haiti has been a us annexe, and paris complained that the us airport had become command of un forces in haiti. 
for the first time in almost half a century, the death penalty has had majority support among the death penalty. 
just 49 % of americans say they support capital punishment, according to a pew research center poll. 
those without a college degree are more likely than those with at least a college degree to favor the use of the death penalty, notes the hill. 
no individual member of either fraternity was charged with sexual misconduct and creating an environment that facilitated sexual misconduct through improperly monitored spaces. 
1 through march 31, without an affidavit filed to the public service commission, reports the ap. 
trump doesn't like his people to look weak, trump told politico. 
the 1917 auctioned at sotheby's in new york for more than $ 157 million, the film sold by modernist master amadeo modigliani, a reclining nude by the modernist master amadeo modigliani. 
most people with down syndrome have a cerebellum that's about 60 % of the normal size, says one of the researchers in a news release. 
king's friend tells tmz that rodney was thrilled to be working again and looking forward to getting back in the ring. 
he needs his pretty little face bashed in, that ? s what i really want, says a licensed clinical social worker. 
women tend to use both the left and right hemispheres for language, but men largely use just the left hemisphere. 
i cannot in good conscience vote for the graham - cassidy proposal, the only other republican other than mccain who has so far come out against graham - cassidy, is unlikely to change his mind even if changes are made to the bill, the spokesman said in a statement. 
the six - second ads were tested during the teen choice awards broadcast by fox's game of the week broadcast that will be seen by 81 % of the country. 
this is a new opportunity for advertisers, since it changes how ads can run in games, says an fox executive. 
lawson was spotted by deputies on state route 141, near county road 52, driving a chevrolet truck at about 12, 30am. 
three adults were found dead in a house trailer in an unincorporated area around work, and was attacked by lawson and was stabbed several times. 
elias and his law firm perkins coie retained the company in april 2016 on behalf of the clinton campaign and the dnc. 
right now, it's a privilege to spend my time working with eastern congo initiative, supporting our veterans, drawing attention to the great many who go hungry in the us everyday and using filmmaking to entertain and foster discussion about issues like our relationship to iran. 
the labor market has awarded meager pay gains for people at the lower end of the decade, and the labor market had awarded meager pay gains an hour. 
i think i share your interest in that, because that was the first time i ? ve heard that definition, so i guess mitt will have to tell us exactly what it means, the texas congressman and gop presidential contender told cbs's face the nation. 
the creek and the state division of reclamation, mining, and safety, and the colorado river in utah, runs into the san juan river in new mexico and joins the colorado river. 
isis were robbed of a predictable macabre propaganda opportunity by ryan's action, the bbc reports. 
the bodyguards were found guilty of attempted murder and demanded to hand over their camera memory cards. 
santa clara residents deserve a judge who will protect victims, not rapists, says stanford law professor michele dauber. 
per a statement, persky, the campaign says persky has a long pattern of bias in cases involving sex crimes, and violence against women in favor of white or privileged defendants, particularly college athletes, in which he was found guilty of three felony sex crimes. 
upmc is investigating whether the deaths of two heart transplant patients are linked to fungal infections that they contracted in upmc presbyterian's cardiotcic intensive care unit. 
? the dallas county sheriff's office has issued a warrant for his arrest in the death of 15 - year - old jordan edwards. 
? a white police officer faces a murder charge in the shooting of a black teenager after being fired earlier in the week, reports the ap. 
? i ? ve heard from victims about very recent claims of being sexually exploited in hollywood, ? the archdiocese's communications director told reporters. 
he was hired by the state to monitor the health of reefs off the port of miami, and saw the disease move from one patch of coral to another. 
i'm not really sure but don't get too excited, a human must always be in the passenger seat of all computer - driven cars, says california, it's now legal for driverless cars to go on the road. 
strip clubs in illinois must now charge $ 3, all the proceeds must go to charity, per the hill. 
the gate is in okay condition and will be returned to german authorities as soon as practical, the police say in a statement, per the guardian. 
german authorities made a replica of the gate, 1 feet high, which they installed at dachau last year to mark the 70th anniversary of the camp's liberation. 
i don't need to protect him anymore, says minnie driver, who has always been incredibly secretive about her son's father. 
anything we want to do, it's not going to be individual, linebacker bobby wagner told the seattle times. 
mittendorff was extremely dedicated to her job and didn't show up for a morning shiftover, says a family members. 
a scientist published a guide to surviving a nuclear bomb in the city, the bbc reports. 
the dead included 930 members of the shaitat tribe which rose up against isis, reports the bbc. 
israeli prime minister benjamin netanyahu says israel has vowed retribution against hamas, the militant group of the top, reports the bbc. 
in hebron, israel had blown up the bodies of three abducted students in a shallow grave, the bbc reports. 
investigators found a bullet casing and other signs consistent with the youths being shot while sitting in the car. 
? although our cats were more vocal when the owner rather than the stranger left them with the other individual, we didn ? t see any additional evidence to suggest that the bond between a cat and its owner is one of secure attachment, ? says daniel mills, professor of veterinary behavioural medicine in plos
the carer being perceived as a focus of safety and security in otherwise threatening environments and has been adapted for cats with a similar claim made, researchers write in the evening mail. 
? the new york mets played the boston red sox on march 8, 2017, at first data field in port st. 
the price per pound has risen above $ 40, compared to about $ 20 in early 2011, and is now at $ 32. 
pres @ barackobama is heartened by the level of engagement taking place in communities around the country, said the spokesman for the former president, kevin lewis. 
trump and turkey welcomed the missile attacks against the syrian government, and saudi arabia support the missile missiles. 
the attack was an appropriate response to the barbaric chemical weapons attack, the bbc reports. 
the picture also offers a few sight gags that are pure, dumb genius, they just work, says aniello's boyfriend, who appears in the picture. 
and really, as hangover - style dumb entertainments go, it ? s certainly good enough, he says. 
the best thing about ? rough night is the feisty, claws - out spontaneity of its competitive banter between ? sisters ? who love and hate each other, writes jillian bell. 
together they will define and project fox ? s voice to our relevant communities, says viet dinh, the chief legal and policy officer. 
the lawsuit alleges deputy attorney general rod rosenstein and mueller have unlawfully exceeded authorities allowed under the law governing special counsel appointments, reports the ap. 
? i ? m not necessarily saying that i can actually prove they ? re not, ? dolezal says. 
but the shock also damaged the switch contacts, which had to be intact for the weapon to detonate, the expert notes. 
the book written by pulitzer prize winners mike sallah and mitch weiss, who was fighting in the mountains, showed morgan, with an untamed beard, holding a thompson submachine gun. 
simone biles has come forward to say me, too, the ap reports. 
? broncos wide receiver kenny mckinley was found dead in a colorado home in his apparent suicide. 
mckinley had been in injured reserve since early august with a knee injury, the nfl source says. 
kenny was certainly one of my favorite all - time players, south carolina head coach steve spurrier says. 
fisher, who died tuesday after suffering a heart attack days earlier, had a long history of drug abuse in the 1970s and 1980s. 
researchers then built a model based on careful combined with the respondents'first impressions, and researchers found that these cartoon faces usually gave the first impressions they were designed to give, researchers say. 
that man did not have identification on him, but verbally provided a name, date of birth, and social security number, the ap reports. 
if you thought a judge's sexuality, ethnicity, national origin ( or ) gender would prevent the judge from handling a case, that's a very slippery slope, former chief of the us district judge tells the san francisco chronicle. 
during that travel, i have missed a lot of family fun, perhaps, more importantly, i was not with my kids when our puppy was hit by a car, or when my son had ( minor and successful, and of course unexpected ) emergency surgery, she writes in the daily mail. 
? sterling, who has been married to donald sterling for more than 50 years, filed suit against stiviano for $ 12 million in 1981, and the team is worth $ 575 million. 
sterling could fight back in the courts, but the lawsuit follow through the commissioner's recommendation to force him to sell the owners. 
soon after the results of france's presidential election, russian president abdel fattah el - sisi, egyptian president rodrigo duterte, and north korean leader kim jong - un. 
joseph dunford, chairman of the joint chiefs of staff, said trump is not accept or allow transgender people to serve in any capacity in the military. 
white house spokeswoman sarah sanders says transgender sailors receiving medical care will continue to receive all necessary medical care and none would be discharged. 
and the majority of those who did go to trial and lost were sentenced to more than three times as many years in prison as those who took a plea. 
mary beth looney refused to impose a life sentence on the 53 - year - old woman who had no prior convictions, reports the human rights watch. 
two factors of general intelligence were significantly associated with perceived intelligence from men's faces, fluid intelligence, and figural intelligence, kleisner says. 
the strong halo effect of attractiveness may thus prevent an accurate assessment of the intelligence of women, says one option. 
sutherland springs is a very small but very tight - knit community, dana fletcher tells cnn. 
women talk 28 % more and send 14 % more texts than men, and also visit more internet community sites. 
? there ? s a fear there, ? owner peter stefan, owner of graham putnam and mahoney funeral parlors. 
he looked to his right while traveling east bound and saw the airplane at the end of a right roll, says the ntsb, which says the plane was flying upside down. 
saw the airplane was inverted and traveling at a high rate of speed, nose first, towards the ground in the vicinity of where ( the airport ) was located, the ntsb reports. 
the grand jury returned the indictment with the university of illinois graduate student brendt christensen, who had been eligible for the death penalty, and that the crime occurred after substantial planning and premeditation. 
prosecutors say zhang, who began driving on campus, came across the university of illinois campus on june 9, and offered her late to an appointment. 
? sofia vergara and joe manganiello are engaged with a diamond ring on her left hand, page six reports. 
she was a kind and really beautiful girl, her mother says in the release, per the ap. 
police have discovered the body of 28 - year - old crissita elaine cage - toaster, who actually found the body on march 30, 2010. 
? one of the worst bushfires in australia are the biggest in a series of blazes that killed 119 people, including 2, 000 homes, reports the guardian. 
the jury couldn't reach a unanimous decision, but two - thirds of them thought he was guilty, reports the ap. 
police say a second car stopped to help the passengers inside the suv and walked away without a scratch. 
i have never heard of a case of a bear being in a traffic accident, a police department spokesman says. 
my last memory of her was feeding her and putting her to bed, ? mother kristy woods tells the ap. 
the new estimate that iran offered to halt 20 % enrichment at last week's geneva talks. 
wikileaks also posted more than 8, 700 documents, including spying tools designed for mobile phones, pcs, and smart tvs. 
basically, the cia has some expensive, targeted ways to hack phones, and if your phone is hacked, the new york times reports. 
whatsapp declined to comment, while whatsapp declined not respond to requests for comment, the washington post reports. 
i was told i might never walk again, linebacker mark herzlich stepped off the plane in indianapolis to play against the new england patriots in super bowl xlvi. 
prosecutors are accusing vang ? s conduct directly contributed to the death of jessica haban, ? olmsted county attorney mark ostrem said in a press release. 
vang is charged with depraved heart murder, which doesn't require prosecutors to prove that the suspect consciously did something that was very likely to kill, and in doing so, displayed complete disregard for human life. 
the department of justice and the trump administration are going to fight these unjust, unfair and unconstitutional policies that have been imposed on you, the attorney general jeff sessions tells the california peace officers'association. 
tens of thousands of people have been holding silent vigils in paris and other cities around the world, the los angeles times reports. 
kameron was a ball of energy, happy, smart, and could strike up a conversation with anyone, says school counselor maria morales. 
? oddsmakers usually expect the national anthem at the super bowl to run for two minutes. 
when you get into the details of the plans, it ? s not all written in spanish, says a health care navigator. 
his legacy is profound, and he has inspired countless people to explore this amazing planet, dave o'leske said in a statement. 
we see absolutely no evidence for that, says mark harrison, co - author of the research, which is shocking. 
the epi estimates that the retailer's chinese imports account for 15 years, and 75 % of manufacturing jobs. 
? i know it came up in my race because i was born in panama, but i was born in the canal zone, which is a territory, ? the arizona republican tells the matter. 
a restart of the operations even only partially as quick as this is a sign of hope, says the chief executive arnaud feist. 
stunting of growth, in general, would have been caused by malnourishment over ? a prolonged period, says sophia grant, medical director of the child abuse and neglect unit. 
the board has met several times over the last week and is taking the appropriate next steps to evaluate this. 
her husband was slurring his words, sounded groggy, says kirsten, who walked two doors down to cornell's suite. 
i think it's the worst we have seen here in my lifetime, says beverly perdue, who has declared a state of emergency in the western part of her state. 
philadelphia and parts of southern new jersey were expected to see 3 inches of blowing snow on parts of the north shore and south shore. 
falling and blowing snow with strong winds and poor visibilities are likely, the national weather service says. 
? get the f - - - ing owner and the manager on the phone, i want that mother - f - - - er done, ? a dealership worker says. 
after magnolia renovations, magnolia took immediate steps to ensure the lead - safe work practices normally required by the rrp rule, the ap reports. 
i'm not even sure what fred did constituted harassment and i don't think you should report it to h, she says in a statement, per the hollywood reporter. 
they refused to give us any further information to clear up the untruthfulness and they've changed their story on numerous occasions, the sheriff said. 
people often see distracted driving as a socially acceptable sin, a kind of inside joke writ large, an innocuous guilty pleasure in which everyone indulges, a university of south carolina law professor bryant walker smith tells vocativ. 
my fellow liberians, ebola is real, ebola is contagious and ebola kills, president ellen johnson sirleaf said. 
curd, 60, has been charged with two counts of first - degree murder in last week's slayings of billy payne jr. 
we think that the temperature at least in some part of the ocean must be higher than 190 degrees fahrenheit, says a lead researcher from the university of colorado. 
gregory ? s job does not appear to be in any immediate jeopardy, but there are plenty of signs of concern, ? said politico. 
khan was placed in jail without bond at towers jail, reports the maricopa county sheriff. 
the 18 - year - old had just pleaded not guilty to charges of terrorism and conspiracy to commit terrorism. 
walker accused cnn of not promoting him over 13 years because he is black, skipped over frequently for promotions in favor of white employees. 
blacks receive disproportionately lower scores on evaluations, the suit filed in response, per the lawsuit. 
meachum filed a class action lawsuit against cnn for $ 50 million for racial discrimination and retaliation for race discrimination. 
but fearful as it may be, this is the job the cops signed up for, to protect and serve, the city's department department tells the new york times. 
charlie was released from the hospital thursday morning and is now with his mother, a 4 - year - old, and 10 - month - old in the home. 
tamerlan tsarnaev signed forms to legally change his first name, according to a federal law enforcement official. 
tamerlan tsarnaev, who sought a 2009 arrest photo that was a tribute to emir muaz, a celebrated fighter in russia's dagestan republic, reports the homeland security. 
these children have been eating peanut freely in their diet without having to follow any particular program of peanut intake, says lead researcher mimi tang. 
the treatment combines a small amount of peanut flour with a very high dose of the probiotic lactobacillus 
4 % of the vote ? while garcia had 33 ? will face the second place finisher, cook county commissioner, on april 7. 
i didn't know'black people'was a racist term, she tells nbc news. 
3 billion in gear since 1997, including about $ 449 million in 2013, designed to protect combat troops from gunfire, rockets, and roadside bombs. 
west's husband, a florida native and resemblance to marilyn monroe, seemed like a different person on other online accounts. 
her twitter and instagram accounts were also under the name of kitty kat west, which had a private instagram account with nearly 52, 000 followers. 
stephen lancaster dennis, 49, was charged with one count of bank theft for stealing $ 196, 000 in 2014, per the detroit reserve. 
? i had a feeling there would be mixed reaction, ? said the candidate. 
the president told the aarp that obamacare actually strengthened medicare, but the claim was cut from medicare to fund the health care bill simply not true. 
the director of the national institute for allergy and infectious diseases says people should always be based on the science, and the science tells us that people who are asymptomatic do not transmit. 
the mlk estate has also licensed king speeches to be used in ads by alcatel, apple, chevrolet, and mercedes. 
the reason is simple, ? we never even asked ? for the rights to king's speeches, ? ava duvernay said in a recent visit to washington. 
during the scene, i felt humiliated and to be honest, i was crying real tears,'she told the daily mail. 
swiss television reports 44 people have been injured, four of them seriously, injuring dozens of commuter trains. 
? it was pretty amazing to see that the entire facility was destroyed, ? says paul brannan, author of the institute for science and international security. 
16, the military chief of staff said the blast happened while researchers were working on weapons capable of delivering israel a strong punch in the mouth. 
isis has learned that the blast occurred as iran had achieved a major milestone in the development of a new missile, the ap reports. 
4 million flowed from a first republic account linked to essential consultants between october 2016 and january 2018. 
last sunday, two people had overdosed on heroin in a home just a few hundred yards from the station. 
this republican congress may well end up funding planned parenthood while abolishing the adoption tax credit, writes david french at the conservative national review institute. 
? arizona's legislature gave final approval to deny service owners asserting their religious beliefs. 
i have been unable to find a way forward that we could out - fund and out - resource, says councilwoman lorena gonzalez. 
the 77 - year - old says he felt dizzy and weak, and had to lie down when he felt quite awful. 
he spent 12 days trapped in our bureaucratic jungle because we couldn't communicate, says a red cross official. 
about 15 people were injured and four people, including a child in intensive care, the bbc reports. 
papa john's is struggling with declining sales, especially since his founder blamed nfl protests for poor sales. 
congressman dennis kucinich bought a sandwich wrap from the longworth cafeteria with an errant olive pit. 
collins also noticed collins had a black eye, a cut on his eyelid, and bleeding from his mouth and nose, according to the affidavit. 
the bentonville utilities department obtained water and electrical usage data from the utilities'hot tub, according to the affidavit. 
detectives also found watered down blood spots on the sides of the hot tub and the patio had been sprayed down with water. 
detectives also took photographs of bates'whole body, and found a broken shot glass, and a broken shot glass. 
i had never seen one in my life before, the 60 - year - old bird enthusiast tells the ap. 
this decision obviously affects my life but the reason i have gone through this ordeal is not to just to save myself from being kidnapped and locked up for 99 years in a country i have never visited, love said outside the court. 
he could have faced up to 99 years in prison and a potential fine of up to $ 9 million ( ? 6. 
the bill takes effect next summer for public universities and community colleges, including classrooms, and in 2017 for community and university buildings. 
i cannot believe that i am the only potential or current faculty member who is aware of and disturbed by this heightened risk, hamermesh wrote in a letter to university administrators. 
the former production assistant says spacey sexually assaulted him when he and spacey were just minutes away from the set and while the car was moving, cnn reports. 
the hollywood reporter reports that netflix and house of cards are responding to new allegations of sexual harassment made against kevin spacey's interaction with members of the crew of house of cards. 
bill haslam signed a bill into law on the bill, and 37 % of registered voters support the electric chair. 
there are states that allow inmates to choose, but it is a very different matter for a state to impose a method like electrocution, says richard dieter, executive director of the death penalty information center. 
the new pressure from both sides ? obama should apply a strict climate test ? including hydraulic fracturing and coal mining on public lands. 
? a healthcare worker who treated ebola patient thomas duncan and tested positive for the disease, according to the ap. 
the 33 - year - old freelance cameraman who contracted ebola in liberia is fighting for his life at the university of nebraska medical center. 
that has been the extent of my contact with the fbi or any other government agency regarding this issue, said the statement from the trump report. 
? i know most muslim people would not have carried out an attack like this, ? the host of hbo's real time with bill maher. 
the boeing 777 hit a pocket of clear air turbulence and leaving passengers into the ceiling, the bbc reports. 
? remote code execution bugs are one of 10 bug classes eligible for bounties in the us. 
brandon jenkins, a prospective student in the radiation program at the community college of baltimore county pending the minimum requirements for entry into the fall 2013, was asked, what is the most important thing to you. 
summit host cambodia, an ally of china, has tried to shift the focus to economic concerns, but beijing's territorial disputes with its asean neighbors _ including staunch, including china and the united states, reports the ap. 
the dalai lama has compassion for refugees, especially those fleeing from war, but said europe was morally responsible for helping a refugee really facing danger against their life. 
a girl must marry for love, and keep on marrying until she finds it, says the late movie's concise. 
the suspension was supported by the other members of the group, including the us, france, germany, italy, japan, and britain. 
the friend says he introduced the women to cosby, who engaged them in conversation and allegedly gave them drinks. 
i feel he needs to pay for it, he deserves to pay for it, but i saw all the women who had come forward, over 20 women and it grossed me out. 
eight of those were specific to humans and pigs, and the five esters were unique to humans, the researchers say. 
the esters are produced by degrading muscles, carbohydrates, and fat tissues, the guardian reports. 
the early show has consistently ranked behind the morning champ, nbc's today show, and abc's good morning america. 
police say another boy already in custody in friday's shooting at the delaware valley charter high school in north philadelphia hasn't been charged yet. 
bales is still, hands down, one of the best soldiers i ever worked with, says bales'platoon leader, per the washington post. 
we would be willing to leave this country together and go someplace like the us or europe or canada where we could be together, but i don't want to be a refugee in my own country, he said. 
a miracle baby in china survived despite being born at just 23 weeks, the guardian reports. 
? olivia munn is now posing with the predator since blowing the whistle on striegel in the reboot of the franchise, but her fellow cast members haven't been supportive. 
looking forward, we feel this is best seized by taking on new opportunities to fully realize our vision for e - books, and we believe more than ever that the phone will be the primary reading device globally over the next decade. 
we can ? t just point a single finger at this company, says angela rosser, the director of west virginia rivers coalition. 
the centers for disease control and prevention says scientists are still learning about the scope and effects of the virus, which can cause severe birth defects and miscarriages in pregnant women. 
estrada state prison ? a medical contractor responsible for performing his dialysis treatments failed to show up at the prison on april 21. 
ramon estrada, 62, died from apparent cardiac arrest due to kidney failure, per the ap. 
estrada, 62, was set to be paroled in less than three weeks, according to a university of utah hospital spokeswoman. 
only 273 people have ever passed the blind - tasting test results for all 54 candidates in the class of 2018. 
the court of directors found sufficient evidence that the tasting portion of the 2018 master sommelier diploma examination was compromised by the release of detailed information concerning wines in the tasting flight. 
it's a tremendous amount of waste and heartbreak for everybody who passed in an honest way and who now have to reprove something they ? ve already proven, he writes, and is the sole member of the class of 2018. 
police say christy sheats, 42, shot her daughters to death in katy, texas. 
i promise you, whatever you want, madison davey, a family friend, tells the times. 
the allegations are shocking enough, but the man we're talking about was a student at michigan state university, studying to be a doctor, the msu college of osteopathic medicine said in a statement. 
two days before he died, max spiers told his mother, if anything happens to me, investigate. 
he was staying with a woman who he had not known for long and she told me how she found him dead on the sofa, bates says. 
i think max had been digging in some dark places and i fear that somebody wanted him dead, his mother tells the telegraph. 
i continue to have significant oversight duties relating to her visitation with her children, jamie writes in a new petition filed on october. 
when i heard they were using runway 18 it caught my attention because of that hill, says veteran commercial pilot ross aimer. 
your citizens are being killed all over the place, your police officers are being shot in the head, and your children are being killed, pena nieto says. 
? the state of louisiana's refusal to install air conditioning on death row has already cost taxpayers more than $ 1 million in legal bills, according to the ap. 
most of the money has gone to private attorneys on opposing sides of the case, which could ultimately cost many more millions of dollars. 
an attorney for the state says each unit would cost several thousand dollars in the 10 - year - old building. 
he had excelled academically and in sports and had many friends at tri - city christian academy in somersworth when he made it known in 2015 that he was transgender, stiles zuschlag tells seacoast media group. 
he enjoyed teaching people and sharing the gospel of jesus christ, says a mormon missionary who died at a whale - watching site. 
lacey spears pleaded not guilty to murder and manslaughter charges in the death of her five - year - old son. 
muncey said officer eric parker's actions did not meet the high standards and expectations of the city police department. 
at one point, the two officers turn patel around and have his hands behind his back when the car pulls him into the ground. 
? it created an increasing level of fear and anxiety, ? attorney lisa banks says. 
he couldn't speak because many of his teeth had been displaced, but he waved limply to let us know that he was okay, a friend says. 
etta james, who is gravely ill with leukemia, is asking the court to assign the duty to a third party, to avoid present and future family conflict and discrepancies, says the riverside county superior court. 
james hasn't been on stage since suffering a urinary tract infection that led to sepsis, reports the press - enterprise. 
rupert and james murdoch were called to appear before next week to anwer questions about the phone hacking scandal. 
on the face of the evidence, there is concern that is raised about this officer ? s conduct, says salt lake county district attorney sim gill. 
? a 15 - year veteran of the fdny firefighter michael davidson was killed in a movie set blaze in harlem last night. 
two other firefighters suffered burns and were in serious condition, and three other people were injured, according to fire commissioner daniel a. 
some senior congressional republicans are indicating that they want to investigate russia's meddling in the gop, and it's a no - win situation for the gop. 
from nearly failed state to emerging global player - in less than a decade, president juan manuel santos said in a statement. 
if the allegations that the men brought prostitutes to their hotel rooms, obama said, then, of course, i ? ll be angry. 
5 million catholics in this country who are divorced and remarried without an annulment, notes global law. 
rocha met with a cooperating witness at a restaurant in hudson, massachusetts, and gave him a suitcase containing $ 2. 
clinton has the backing of 520 super delegates at this point, bringing her very close to the threshold. 
the military chose a test that wasn't actually proven to detect tbi, the automated neuropsychological assessment metric, or anam. 
well i think profiling is something that we're going to have to start thinking about as a country, trump said in a phone interview with cbs'face the nation. 
the dispersants contain harmful toxins of their own, but the oil can also collect fish and migrate great distances. 
since elizabeth won't debate, i'm allowed to debate nancy, he said in a press event. 
? the mexican general attorney office released video showing joaquin el chapo guzman in the airport in ciudad juarez at dawn, the ap reports. 
thompson also left her three children with her boyfriend at the angel ridge apartments off the 8600 block of sterlingshire street. 
a jury on thursday found an undocumented immigrant not guilty of murder, the ap reports. 
gonzalez said garcia zarate of deportations and drug offenses were nonviolent crimes, and that it went off by accident when he picked it up. 
kathryn steinle, 32, died in her father's arms when she was shot, the san francisco chronicle reports. 
? i have been a police officer for more than 30 years, and the federal government ? s plans will hamper community policing and public safety, ? said chicago police superintendent eddie johnson. 
a team of conservation has arrived on the island of the main antipodes island, leaving helicopters to spread cereal bait containing the rodent toxin brodifacoum. 
the patent, dubbed a network and method using foot recognition to create a customized guest experience, seeks to take depth information and a camera to take appearance information. 
? a 21 - year - old man who died three days after police struggled with him while responding to a call for an ambulance, the ap reports. 
one of the medics gave a medic to check the suspect for a pulse, according to the incident. 
the new policy was not directly related to the turner case, but the school is part of the school's efforts to examine educational efforts and policies around alcohol use. 
the district has been directed by the montana department of environmental quality to dispose of the sludge and replace the liners in its treatment ponds and cannot await the park service's responses any longer, the district says in a lawsuit filed in federal court. 
the sheriff says gordon was allegedly choked and opened the cell door, the ap reports. 
you've got to remember these folks were cleared by the us military and by the department of defense to come in and train, childress said. 
the lawsuit include the king's tikal ruler, chak took ich'aak, conjuring two local gods, in the form of a double - headed snake, per the guardian. 
this altar shows us a part of guatemala's history, and in this case, around 1, 500 years ago, i would call this the historical mayan version of game of thrones, tomas barrientos, co - director of excavations and investigations, tells journalists. 
la corona was the most important mayan political movement began to take shape, says barrientos. 
the memo was sent to the energy department on tuesday and said it will not comply with a list of all department employees and contractors who have worked on climate change. 
we are going to respect the professional and scientific integrity and independence of our employees at our labs and across our department, says a department spokesman. 
so it ? s understandable that the request by the president - elect ? s transition team for the names of individual energy department employees and contractors who worked on the issue makes them worry that the trick could be on them, says josh earnest, a white house spokesman. 
offering services, decreasing problems, setting the stage for further development of all citizens to help meet the needs of the people and desire for change, ? reuters quotes president - elect hassan rouhani as saying. 
i just thought it would just be nice to get up there, help a random couple out and find the ring before someone else found it, says a good samaritan with a heart of gold. 
harpo studios had been at the center of winfrey's broadcast universe since it opened, hosting her daily talk show empire. 
it will be sad to say goodbye, but i look ahead with such a knowing that what the future holds is even more than i can see, she says, adding that own will stop shooting shows there. 
trump revived the country's health system of nambia, including ghana, namibia, and uganda. 
donald trump believes the world would be better off if dictators like saddam hussein and moammar gadhafi were still in power, cnn reports. 
this promise was on the basis of friendly china - us cooperation and reasonable bilateral trade relations, but the current situation has already destroyed that basis, he said, referring to then - president - elect trump in january 2017. 
we ? re closing the gap between the kitchen and our plants, says morrison, whose leadership began in 2011. 
it's a delicate balance because these products are beloved, says the vice president for consumer and customer insights. 
if nibiru is, indeed, as close as conspiracy theorists believe to striking earth, astronomers, and anyone really, would ? ve already seen it, says a nasa senior scientist. 
jelinajane bedrijo almario, who was tried as an adult on charges of human trafficking of a minor, sending threatening emails to a family member. 
we were able to get these girls back home and get them the help they needed, says the pimps are ruining these kids'lives at an early age. 
this actually increases the heart's ability to pump blood, just like what you would see with exercise and pregnancy, says the lead researcher. 
i am committed to getting to the bottom of what happened in this particular matter, as well as reviewing our processes for responding to information that we receive from the public, says fbi director christopher wray. 
if we could think of better we ? d honestly take it, says the chief constable of surrey police. 
philipps claims in an excerpt obtained by radar online, this will only hurt a little, and she writes that he was a f * * * ing bully. 
philipps says franco was never punished for his alleged behavior, though the next day, franco supposedly apologized. 
we don't want to pick this moment of all moments to boost taxes on employers, says gary burtless, an economist at the brookings institution. 
phelps got his best shot for the hammerhead with a time of 15, and was blasted out of the water by the great white. 
the prosecutor's office announced charges against four players ? cornerback ruhann peele, fullback razohnn gross, and defensive back delon stephenson. 
i'm an elderly woman, i know what went on in the war and it's to be expected, she says, per the guardian. 
moseley was found with a self - inflicted gunshot wound and died at a nearby hospital after shooting herself in the head, the ap reports. 
authorities say a woman in a dark knit hat, glasses, tan pants, and a black coat, and the video was traced back to a brooklyn shipping store. 
the complaint alleges that the wen products contain a caustic ingredient that causes a chemical reaction and damages hair and follicles, reports the daily beast. 
the parties are attempting to settle their differences outside of court and we have agreed to refrain from any extrajudicial statements about the case in the meantime, the daily beast reports. 
we are completely satisfied with our record on player safety, including as it relates to head injuries and brain trauma, ? says the league commissioner. 
the london school of economics is investigating allegations that a nazi - themed game led to a brawl in which a jewish student's nose was broken. 
? right now we have a culture divide that has been accentuated by political so - called leaders, ? kerry said on cbs's face the nation. 
nonetheless, i hope that our men and for that matter, my own kids, will never beg for authenticity from someone who can only talk about the things that other people have the courage to do, says rob parker, executive director of the nfl players association association. 
while we don't have photos of the other whales carrying the responsibility of caring for this calf, because we've seen her so many times without the calf, we know that somebody else has it, says director jenny atkinson. 
ceglia was contracted to work on facebook, but he agreed to provide him with at least a 50 % interest in facebook, per bloomberg. 
steve king, an immigration hard - liner and early trump supporter, wrote that the president ? s base is blown up, destroyed, irreparable. 
i got their entire user base, says biderman via email, including a link to a github archive. 
the site blows the lid off the neolithic revolution in a number of ways, says one of the university of buckingham. 
the department of corrections and rehabilitation says simon, who was accused of killing 14 random victims and wounding seven people dead and wounded seven more. 
the four other men convicted in the killings were convicted and sentenced to life in prison with the possibility of parole, which has been denied repeatedly. 
the deal, which was said to have been worth a long - term deal with mad men's role, will be worth $ 30. 
i'm not don draper, i don't have the stomach for this, said matt weiner, who's desbrolued commercial breaks. 
fifteen students and five teachers were killed in wednesday's attack on the technical college in kerch, reports the ap. 
i told them i am not removing the penis for you or because of your complaints, owner stephen ward says in a suit to the city council. 
rodman dedicated the game to his best friend kim, who along with his wife, and other senior officials, reports the ap. 
mr trump and his aides have amplified their demands and criticised the actions of president recep tayyip erdogan, says the center for strategic and international studies. 
i realized immediately that i could not hear out of that ear, and i still cannot today, two days later, she told police, who eventually hit her with his open hand on my left ear for jumping out of the car. 
as a mother i'm particularly sorry that fate had it that a child was running at me, and i wasn't able to sense that, he writes in a youtube footage, published on the internet show this week. 
timurlengia was a nimble pursuit hunter with slender, blade - like teeth suitable for slicing through meat, professor hans sues says. 
while we think it is highly unlikely, if something is discovered that would result in a material improvement in occupant fire safety, we will immediately apply to new cars and offer it as a free retrofit to all existing cars, says the national highway traffic administration. 
we believe the evidence is clear that there is no safer car on the road than the model s, says tesla motors ceo elon musk. 
the government says the helicopter will be returned to turkey as soon as possible, and the demand of asylum personnel who were arrested after landing in greece after landing saturday. 
we honestly don't know exactly, says mccaa, who saw a strange thing moving back and forth in the current of the murky river. 
i initially thought, and several people thought, it could be some rope that snagged on the bottom of the river with chunks of ice, mccaa tells the alaska dispatch. 
they looked at the stories and they said,'we want to make something for the fans,'lucas said, per the ap. 
rolling stone reports that hernandez's college coach at the university of florida was allegedly a regular user of hallucinogenic drug pcp. 
sarah palin has been granted a restraining order against a pennsylvania man accused of stalking and threatening her, reports ap. 
5 billion for the border wall, which would be crucial to help kick - start trump's border wall, reports the ap. 
the ap reports that trump's proposed budget would get the biggest boost for the military boost for the national endowment for the arts, legal aid for the poor. 
basically, he appears to have suffered from a medical emergency while on the balcony, ? police chief aaron lauth said. 
? this is a devastating tragedy and the studio is investigating the matter, ? the studio tells usa today. 
the fcc has released the final draft of its proposal to destroy net neutrality, and the commission says it won't facilitate critical broadband investment and innovation by removing regulatory uncertainty and lowering compliance costs. 
five documents we think his skeptical partner, agent dana scully, could use to prove there is a scientific explanation for ufo sightings, ? the cia says. 
for most of the cases, a process of induction suggested similar reports could be dismissed as well as weird cloud formations, lightning, and even missile tests. 
these workers may see their paychecks delayed, but they'll eventually get paid once the government reopens, reports the washington post. 
5 ) nutritional programs for women, infants, and children could be disrupted after a week, says the usda's additional guidance. 
8, 600 head start programs around the country providing education, health, nutrition, and other services. 
greg hardy, the carolina panthers, is the franchise tag player, is scheduled to make $ 13. 
peacock, 22, says it felt like more than 100 degrees in the boys room. 
? researchers studying babies with a zika virus - related birth defect that could lead to severe visual impairment, the ap reports. 
harvey will stall and spin for the next three to five days, and the disaster may be nothing short of a flooding, for a category 3 hurricane. 
there is no doubt in my mind that the city will flood, says a state rep. 
we hope that the reward will encourage someone that may have heard something to step forward with information that may lead us to the person who committed these really depraved acts of cruelty, says the los angeles county board of supervisors. 
new research indicates that our 20s melt into our 30s, 40s, and even 50s, but that stability is increasingly stable as well as five major personality traits, extraversion, agreeableness, conscientiousness, and openness to experience. 
daoud was accused of trying to detonate what he thought was a powerful car bomb outside a bar in the loop. 
what's a constant push from the eruption, it might have been moved 100 meters, but it was moved by the flow of volcanic material during the eruption. 
police released portions of bodycam and dashcam footage and a photo of the gun when he was holding when the officer was fatally shot by an officer. 
scavino then deleted the post, which he said he was sharing with president trump and vice president mike pence, or how and whether trump was using that information. 
? the cia tehreek - e - insaf party has reportedly blown the cover of the cia's most senior officer in pakistan. 
after spending a night in moscow's airport, the former national security agency contractor and admitted to look at all options available to expel. 
the first published pictures of the smooth, egg - sized rock, which contains photos of the first printer's manuscript of the book of mormon. 
shane oliver of bergen and robert yates, both 20, were issued on a photo of a dog being held upside down above a beer keg, reports the ap. 
the only period in mueller's 18 horrifying months as an isis hostage when she was held at an abandoned oil refinery in syria. 
it is time for women of color ? black women in particular ? to divest from lena dunham, she says, adding that dunham's reaction to the accusations made by perrineau. 
? the best supporting actress frontrunner will be wearing valentino in honor of the deep and meaningful relationship i have enjoyed with the house and with valentino himself, ? hathaway says in a press release. 
obama extended his advantage to three points from two points in the gallup national tracking poll, and about four points ahead in the rasmussen poll. 
the rest of the world can sleep at night because a group of men and women are willing to stand and fight ? the problem with irrational responses is that they can cloud the need for rational ones. 
when i walked in, his first sentence kind of threw me off, he told the first time in new york, and when i first talked to him it was actually kind of scary how much he knew about my daughter ? s appearance. 
a woman accused of abusing a 2 - year - old boy leaving burlington coat factory in the jantzen beach supercenter were arrested. 
? we need something fresh, organic from the bottom up ? and that ? s what you get in the states, ? walker said. 
the military operation could potentially become the single largest, most complex humanitarian operation in the world in 2016, says grande, who has heard reports of people charging as much as $ 10, 000. 
in the worst case scenario, we can't rule out the possibility that there may be a chemical weapons attack, grande said. 
patrick sawyer, a consultant for liberia's finance ministry, collapsed on july 20, and the state health ministry says sawyer used the ebola virus. 
christie said it is a really good goal to get kids to eat better, royal told reporters. 
after years of speculation and member requests, facebook is finally working on a dislike button, ceo mark zuckerberg says. 
archaeologist dieter noli says the find was the oldest ever shipwreck found in sub - saharan africa. 
if you look up from your cell phone you ? ll see we're doing a show up here, specrod spector tweeted. 
in recent years, she appeared on reality shows the surreal life and dancing with the stars for several seasons, including the love boat, murder, she wrote, season 11 of dancing with the stars. 
if 342 of the lower house's 513 legislators vote in favor of impeachment, the senate must vote on whether to go ahead with putting rousseff on trial for disobeying budget laws. 
the solar probe will do seven flybys of venus, which will eventually bring the spacecraft within 3. 
the new theory, a professor emeritus at the university of chicago, put forward his theory in 1958. 
some advocates of unpasteurized milk say it's healthier because it contains natural microorganisms that strengthen the immune system, powell says. 
spears, who has worked as a cook and opened a small catering business, tells the sheriff's office the single mother was burglarized by spears'children. 
the law does not allow excessive pain or cruelty, but does allow physical parental discipline, says district attorney hillar moore. 
we got the most mail we ? ve ever gotten for a single person in schenectady, post master john reilly tells abc news. 
ruth bader ginsburg, who was admitted for observation and treatment, was admitted for observation and treatment, according to the court. 
? i didn ? t want any misinformation that i ? ve told people i ? m running ? that ? s not the case, ? huckabee said yesterday. 
not that scrabblers care all that much about definitions, qapik is a unit of currency in azerbaijan, he writes in the ap. 
bizjet is worth a whopping 120 points on an opening play, but only if it's made into a plural with an s. 
when police searched the upstairs room, they found several suitcases, a duffel bag, and other personal items belonging to potts. 
astronauts get taller in space as the spine elongates, but it's temporary, nasa's jeff williams tells cnn. 
the allegations were filed by cook county prosecutors in a bond hearing, per the ap. 
shorty, he couldn't take it no more, boone - doty told prosecutors. 
tyshawn lee, a 19 - year - old woman who aspired to be a nurse, laughed and bragged about killing the boy's intended target. 
it was originally going to be cindy lou ( holly's niece ) and that he ( allison ) wanted to impress peggy sue so he got buddy to change the name, tom stathos said. 
nobody should be allowed to burn the american flag - if they do, there must be consequences ? perhaps loss of citizenship or year in jail, wrote antonin scalia, who supported the decision. 
the president - elect is a very strong supporter of the first amendment, but there's a big difference between that and burning the american flag, trump transition spokesman jason miller told cnn. 
the starting prices for the f - 250, f - 350 and f - 450 super duty limited pickups range from $ 80, 835 to $ 87, 100. 
chuck pfarrer, a former commander of us navy seal team six, says bin laden was shot dead almost instantly. 
the seals had no explicit orders to kill the archterrorist and would have captured him if possible, says chuck pfarrer. 
the abnormalities were observed in areas of the brain where emotions like guilt, embarrassment, and moral reasoning. 
this is a difficult but important conversation, and it ? s time for big changes, she told the hollywood reporter. 
in the coming days and weeks we will conduct a review of our membership recruitment in order to bring about much - needed diversity in our 2016 class and beyond, boone isaacs said in a statement, per the guardian. 
in the 60s and 70s, it was about recruiting younger members to stay vital and relevant, says the academy's committee. 
the director of media relations for the epilepsy foundation says the organization has never before called for a photosensitivity warning to the moviegoers. 
mommy loves me, the allegations against the couple at the elvis chapel in las vegas, nevada. 
david turpin made about $ 140, 000 per year working as an engineer at northrop grumman, according to the bankruptcy filing. 
david turpin, principal of sandcastle day school, is principal of a private school with the same address as their house, per the ap. 
greenlee's passion of helping animals in our community, and had always planned to become a veterinarian and to help rescue more animals. 
the source says rodriguez, braun, and other players have denying any connection or the use of peds constitute another. 
siti aisyah, who was arrested for the murder, has said she was given her to do this activity, the bbc reports. 
at least 11 of those who attended the funeral, a 3 - month - old girl, who attended the baby's funeral. 
at least 16 people have died in the current outbreak, the bbc reports. 
the bigger pardon question may come down the road, as the next president has to determine whether to pardon donald trump, adam schiff, the democrat, tells the ap. 
the trump team released yet another denial of the offending image's anti - semitism, arguing that the image was a basic star often used by sheriffs who deal with criminals and criminal behavior. 
couldn't be happier, two longtime white house staffers, two great guys, biden writes in a twitter photo. 
the team found 34 cases of ebola in the epidemic, including 28 deaths. 
previous studies have found a link between chronic marijuana use, but researchers found none. 
it was lawful for the car to be traveling on the street, as el camino real is rated at 35 mph, the post says. 
the google self - driving cars operate under the neighborhood electric vehicle definition per 385, per the police department's blog post. 
we've capped the speed of our prototype vehicles at 25 mph for safety reasons, says a google self - driving car project. 
in the study, scientists found eye - tracking technology to measure some signs of autism in the first months of life. 
about 10 members and affiliates of the three percenters militia movement, a member said they were there in case anything were to happen. 
at least for the moment, defendants have shaken off this lawsuit, standish says, ? at least for the moment, defendants have shaken off this lawsuit. 
we broke a record this july ? the hottest average monthly temperature ever measured in the us is the hottest average monthly temperature ever for death valley, says christopher burt, who's the capital weather historian. 
government officials say the white bag is a rare artifact, if not a national treasure, per the ap. 
federal prosecutors want the federal judge in kansas who handled ary's criminal case and subsequent forfeiture to rescind the sale. 
5 million poor uninsured adults across the country would also gain access to medicaid, which would result in a number of benefits to accessive care. 
? women younger than 30 are six times more likely to develop melanoma if they tan indoors, ? a researcher at yale school says. 
plan b one - step available over the counter for women ages 15 and older, and with a prescription for younger teens, the food and drug administration announced in the statement. 
the students are still being finalised, but that students may still need to take the american sat or act exam. 
the university of san francisco says the program is meant to attract outstanding chinese high school graduates, a non - tirao score, grades, and english language. 
? a houston couple has heard an unfamiliar voice talking to their two - year - old daughter when a stranger had taken control of their two - year - old daughter. 
with respect with the news of his clearance being restored, as we stated before, his application was properly submitted, reviewed by numerous career officials and went through the normal process, says abbe lowell, who met with mueller's investigators a second time in april. 
at the age of 16, your legal relationship with the government changes, says council member charles allen. 
more than 10, 000 16 - year - old residents would be added to the voting rolls, signed by the mayor of the full council and signed into law. 
it's incredible to think about a normal, healthy child who can succumb to the flu and succumb very, very quickly, says a cleveland clinic rep. 
? steve ? s followers rocketed from 60 to more than 1, 000, but about 20 seconds later, i had 20 messages from people i didn't even know and my phone wouldn ? t stop bleeping. 
? the purpose of the oval structures ? is still a matter of speculation, though they may have served some symbolic or ritual purpose. 
aldabra giant tortoises, which thrive in the summer heat, can survive for months without food or water, the zoo reports. 
the so called mooch'who can't even manage his first week in the white house without leaving upset in his wake, writes homeland security chief tom bossert. 
george zimmerman, who was acquitted of the murder of unarmed black teenager trayvon martin, according to records released thursday. 
the sheriff's office says zimmerman indicated the infrared device an extra layer of security at the point of entry at his residence. 
clinton described kaine as a lifelong fighter for progressive causes, according to an email to supporters, according to the guardian. 
if clinton has reached out to bernie supporters, it appears that she has done so to stick triangulating thumbs in their eyes, says norman solomon, the organization's coordinator of the bernie delegates network. 
how much would i give to be one of the 72 virginans osama is'hanging out with since sunday, says richmond attorney general ken cuccinelli. 
representatives from the two koreas announced the september meeting after a round of high - level talks between officials from pyongyang and seoul at the dmz monday. 
jonathan carlyle merkley, 34, was celebrating his 34th birthday night at the staybridge suites hotel in san diego. 
brian christopher, who was arrested and charged with dui and driving on a revoked license in hardeman county, which is about an hour east of memphis. 
8 million jars of peanut butter are now sitting in the warehouse since the company shut down and filed last fall. 
? for the first time, i think the trump phenomenon is becoming real, ? a south carolina republican tells the washington post. 
the department of homeland security says the secret service's inspector general had labeled officials of plotting to leak information about chaffetz. 
larsen - c ice shelf parted ways with the antarctic larsen - c ice shelf in the summer of 2017. 
? the calving of a - 68 provides us with a unique opportunity to study marine life as it responds to a dramatic environmental change, ? says a rep from the british antarctic survey. 
arias, who was one of the first employees asked to put the app on her phone, even if there was no way to turn it off when she was at home, glick says. 
the martial - arts enthusiast can tap into his fun side through badminton, bocci, and bridge, and he can tap into sand volleyball or indoor basketball, and elliptical machine or stair climber. 
officers found the bodies of five small children, including the body of a dog, was found dead in the home. 
the victims were identified as mark short, 40, his wife megan, 33, and their children lianna, 8, and willow, 2, and their children liana, 5, and willow, 2, were found dead in the home. 
these devices were intended, i believe, to do harm and could have done harm to people, says state police chief pete kassetas. 
researchers then analyzed instagram photos by looking at colors, brightness, sadness, and likability. 
all respect to dominique venner whose final, eminently political act was to try to wake up the people of france, le pen said on twitter. 
howell, the girl's brother, took a 12 - year - old girl to a state forestry property may 31 and had sex with her, the ap reports. 
bowman's attorney, mark walters, argued that patent exhaustion allowed him to do what he liked with animal feed, food processing, and industrial uses. 
the fundraising page set up by starling'sister, emily starling, set a fundraising page to help pay for robertson's funeral expenses. 
joseph is a music video director and has directed some of taylor's 1989 videos including bad blood, wildest dreams, and more. 
then, thousands of protesters have gathered in and around the city's largest unions, plan to take trains to foley square, in lower manhattan. 
steven was on the stairwell of his grandmother ? s house on the west side of chicago, the family's attorney, andrew stroth, tells the ap. 
her son's freshman football team was playing greenwich on thursday when the players charged onto the field shouting hitler. 
best film nominees are argo, les miserables, life of pi, and kathryn bigelow, nominated for zero dark thirty. 
i want the people of tunisia to understand firstly and lastly that we are in a war with terror, and these savage minority groups will not frighten us, the newly elected president said in a statement. 
? two spanish tourists were found safe after hiding out in the tunis museum all night, the bbc reports. 
one grieving mom is opening up about the dangers of having blankets and other objects in a young child's crib rails somehow and gotten himself stuck in it. 
the ruling was the best hope for aereo, because the individual consumer makes all of the choices, the ap reports. 
she was a lovely woman who was one of the few truly good people, says rosmarie von trapp, johannes von trapp, and eleonore von trapp campbell. 
bush got an identical 10 - point boost among independents in december 2003, 31 % say bush, 45 % say bush. 
otto frederick warmbier, 21, was in north korea for a five - day trip and was detained at pyongyang airport on jan. 
he had entered north korea as a tourist with the intention to destroy the country's unity, says the north's official kcna news agency. 
the federal reserve has raised interest rates by one - quarter point three times this year, with a fourth increase to the economy was not slated for december. 
xiang liujuan, who was holding her son in front of her as she fell to her death, and pushed her son forward, the wuhan evening news reports. 
mcnamara, a true crime writer, died last week at home in los angeles, the ap reports. 
we've made the inevitable decision to bring back all the remaining personnel in kaesong for the protection of our people as their difficulties continue to grow, says unification minister ryoo kihl - jae. 
mcdonald was at the last day of the mets'final season, the ap reports. 
sources say wendi deng murdoch was sleeping in separate bedrooms for some time, but the daily beast reports. 
i'm hearing the why, the big reveal, the scandal details, could come tomorrow, the bbc reports. 
fortunately, the mint has reported making up the losses of pennies and nickels with its 10 - and 25 - cent coins, and quarters are cheaper to make, costing less than their monetary value. 
cancer is the second leading cause of death in women, with breast, colorectal, lung, and cervical cancers claiming early, when treatment is more successful. 
psychologists have created the first universal charts of crying in babies during first three months, according to the university of warwick. 
people often call something'innate'because they don't understand the kinds of subtle experiences that can make something, like altruism, flourish, says study author carol dweck. 
house speaker paul ryan called mccain one of the bravest souls our nation has produced and really did talk like a sailor. 
mccain's casket was wheeled out of the church to my way, in tribute to a politician known for following his own path, the ap reports. 
clark, who served as the deputy medical examiner, was the head prosecutor during simpson's trial, and the deputy medical examiner was acquitted. 
this bull will turn 9 years old, and the second - longest ever, in fact, reuters reports. 
mason was denied the judge who originally sentenced her to five years prison for casting an illegal ballot while being a felon under supervision. 
terri lynn rote, a white woman who was convicted of voter fraud in iowa for trying to vote for president trump twice. 
we have a very special relationship, in fact i'll get that little piece of dandruff off, said the president of the washington post. 
an nfl executive says the nfl embraces the role of players and others in the game to promote meaningful, positive change. 
? a suncor employee who was killed by a black bear on the company's oil sands base camp site near fort mcmurray. 
three house republicans moved to pressure special counsel robert mueller to resign over the probe, reports politico. 
his demise has shut one of the leading voices of criticism of the government on the ganga pollution, says environmentalist rakesh jaiswal. 
? finding several gunshot sea otters at the same general location during such a short time frame is very unusual, ? the us fish and wildlife service has announced. 
if it wasn't for him answering our prayers and todd talking to us, i don't know that we'd ever solve that case, sheriff chuck wright said. 
this is one of the biggest crime scenes i've been involved in, kohlhepp says, per the ap. 
? two goodyear bosses held captive by workers spent the night inside a factory in northern france, the ap reports. 
things were sometimes animated, sometimes calm, but without any meanness, says plant manager bernard glesser. 
the study found that more than 500 men aged 18 to 72 were more likely to agree with hostile sexist statements. 
? india's government is advising pregnant women to avoid meat, eggs, attachment, hatred, and lust. 
women are often the last to eat or receive health care in traditionally patriarchal households, says gynecologist arun gadre. 
a new study of more than two dozen studies found toxic chemicals in 90 % of household dust samples. 
we think our homes are safe havens, but what we found is the surprising reality that our homes are being polluted by the products we have every day, says veena singla, a natural resources defense council scientist. 
aaliyah was a 22 - year - old singer who played the queen of the dead, literally, in ? queen of the damned. 
the city also hired the contractor to install 40 restrooms in balboa park, which will be open 24 hours a day starting tuesday. 
these sites are extremely dangerous, as the case of choudhry has shown, and this one must be taken down immediately, a former chairman of the commons homeland security says. 
dave had heard that roger watson was wounded early in march 1968, losing a kidney and small intestine, reports the detroit free press. 
peggy brown, who noticed the purple heart license plate on watson's car, noticed it to her husband. 
michael avenatti sued donald trump for defaming stormy daniels against her wishes, daniels told the daily beast. 
? if he filed the case with her name when it was clear that she told him not to, then he could be sued for that, ? a new york university law professor tells ctv. 
mom tova gerson says century 21 got a $ 5 coupon when she returned an item using a coupon. 
i would ask them to stop using the hudson name, bill hudson, who promised to break all ties. 
previous investigations about sex addiction have only measured the brains of sexual compulsives at rest. 
i'm perfectly healthy, this is my decision, walters said in a statement released by abc news. 
crystalls, who gave birth to her son, jeremiah james matrau - skokan, would come up shortly and that he loved me and all that and stuff. 
he said smith did not comply with an officer's command to drop his gun and did turn toward the officer with the firearm in his hand. 
simone battle, who was eliminated on the x factor in 2011, was eliminated during the first live show of the competition, reports the bbc. 
simone was an exceptional young talent and human being, and we are all devastated to learn of her passing, the statement said in a joint statement from rca records. 
hillmann, who was gored by a bull three years ago while running with the bulls in pamplona, spain. 
the governor has warned that the immediate vicinity around the summit, an area controlled by the national park service, was closed in the ground. 
chapman has told her husband he was going to murder john lennon when he shot dead the beatle on december 8, 1980. 
the fbi didn't confirm whether gentili spoke with the gunman, but news 13 got to research the phone number. 
if a bullet grazes enters just one hemisphere, it's still possible to make a reasonable recovery. 
behbehanian, who followed behbehanian to the parking lot, allegedly put the bottles into a refrigerated display case at the coffee chain's shop. 
